16. 1381, 3 May [Invention of the Holy Cross.] Alyngton.
Grant and confirmation by Stephen of Skendenby,' chaplain,
to John Doyly and Thomas son of Emma of Alyngton, of all
his lands, tenements, etc. in the town and fields of Alyngton.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert Crysplyng.2 Robert Doyly, Thomas
Randolf, Hugh Byssyng, William Bate.
Seal.
17. 1394, 4 Oct. [Sunday after Michaelmas, 18 Rich. II.]
Alington. Grant and confirmation by John Dunstalle of
Alynton to William Danyel of Syston,3 his heirs and assigns,
of a messuage and a bovate of land which was sometime of
Thomas Hobard of Alynton. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: John Buxum, Robert Buxum, Robert Doly,
Thomas son of Emma, Robert inthehyrun," of Alyngton.
Seal gone.
18. I300,s 6 Nov. [Sunday after All Saints.] Alyngton.
Grant and confirmation by John Doyly and Thomas son of
Emma of Alyngton to Alice Hawlay of Cognam,6 of a toft and
14 selions of arable land in divers fields of Alyngton, and 3

roods of meadow in Howdeyl, and one rood [in] Stortlayd-
hege, which were sometime of John Wykmer, and which the

said John Doyly and Thomas had of the feoffment of sir
Stephen of Skendelby, chaplain. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Robert Crysplyng,7 Robert Doyly, Thomas
Randolf, of Alyngton; William Cursun.
Seal gone.
19. 1402, I Oct. [Sunday after Michaelmas, 4 Hen. IV. ]
Alyngton. Grant and confirmation (indented) by Robert
Heriotson of Alyngton and Agnes his wife to Thomas son of
John son of Robert of Eyleston" and Marjory his wife, of all
that messuage and those 14 selions of arable land, I acre of
lSic : probably for Skendelby. See No. 18. 2Sic. 'About 3 miles E. of
Allington. 4
l.e. in the hum (corner). 5Sic : an obvious error for 1400. The
property referred to is that mentioned in No. 16. 61 do not recognise this
as a local name. 7Sic. 'Probably Elston, Notts., 5} miles S.W. of Newark.

100 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
meadow, half an acre of pasture in Alyngton, which the gran
SAlC'; if *",d of •
Iohn Steven of How,,.' together with .11 „,he, l.nd, Ld ,^7^
in the town and fields of Alyngton. To hold of the chief
lords, etc to the said Thomas and Marjory and their i„ue sf zsx&z? tzzrto *• -
i8ht ^
Bu*
um' Joh°

Fragment of one seal.
