24. 1426, 21 Dec. [Saturday, the feast of St Thomas the
Apostle, 5 Hen. 17.] Release and quitclaim by Robert
Harrison of Alyngton to Thomas Gosse of Eyleston, all his
right in a plot of meadow in the fields of Alyngton in the
place called Herthewykesheng, between the meadow whilom
of Thomas Doyly and the meadow whilom of Robert Geue.
To hold of the chief lords of the fee, etc. Warrant.
Witnesses : Robert Scurth, Thomas Kelme, Thomas Bate,
Richard Wither, of Alyngton; John Sturdy, of Segbroke.
Seal : oval.

25. 1429 [7 Hen. VI], 15 June. Alyngton. Grant and confir-
mation by John Scurth, son of William Scurth of Alyngton, to

Thomas Wyght, chaplain, and Thomas Scurth of Alyngton,
of 2 selions of arable land in the fields of Alyngton, viz. one
upon Presthell next the land of John Denecortt, and the other
upon Saltewelleforlang next the land of Hugh Byssyng.2 To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
'Scrof, Scurf, Scurfe in previous charters. -See No. 12.

102 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses: William Scurth, Thomas Bate, Thomas
Jankynson, R,chard Wyther, William of Kelme, of Alyngton.
Seal gone.

26. 1429 [7fW U/.], 15 June. Alyngton. Grant and con-
firmation by Wi ham Scurth of Alyngton to Thomas Wight

chaplain, and Thomas Scurth of Alyngton. of a messuage in
Alyngton a bovate and six acres of land, and all the meadows,

etc., in the fields of Alyngton appertaining to the said messu-
age; the which messuage is situate between the tenement of

the abbot and convent of Nubo on the S„ and the tenement of
omas Bate on the N., and abuts upon lez Stanpittes to the
W and upon le Templegate to the E.1 To hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty.

Witnesses : William Scurth. Thomas Bate, Thomas Jan-
kynson. Richard Wyther, William of Kelme, of Alyngton.

Endorsed: vnum mesuagium cum vna bouata et sex acris
terre.
27. 1433, II August [Second day after St Lawrence in
auumn, en. VI.] Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by
Ihomas son of John Alyngton of Helpston,2 to William
Scurth of Alyngton. of 4 selions of arable land in the fields of
Alyngton which the said Thomas had of inheritance after the
death of his father. AX^arranty.
Witnesses : Richard Scurth, Hugh Byssyng, William
Goldisburch, William Kelme, Thomas Batte.
Seal.
28.
j'n ' 4 3 ,l' ! ? r °

Ct' fSafunday after the f

east of St Wulfran, B.
c" Grant and confirmation by William
Scurth of Alyngton to Avice, late the wife of John Gilbert of
roston, and to Isabel, daughter of John and Avice, of the 4
\Y7 n-ns i a
\ }
e land in the territory of Alyngton, which
William lately had of the gift and feoffment of Thomas, son
of John Alyngton of Helpeston, as appears by charter. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
boroulh^T?' 2Presuma
c

b,y Helpston. Northants, 6 miles N.W. of Peter-
had chanid it?"3

"?6 W°

S evidently given to a family which
mentioned he- J M fr°42 Ellington to Helpston. The four selions
Nos 9 and 11 ?Th 'el ^°
S
' ,
may P
ossibly be those referred to in

was the natron 1 f" , "r of
,
loCa interest
-
as 'be feast of St. Wulfran

Grantham °

f the churcb of the neighbouring town of

ALLINGTON 103
Witnesses: Thomas Bate, Richard Wyther, Richard
Kelme, of Alyngton; John Somur, William Aleyn, of Foston.
Endorsed : quattuor seliones in territorio.

29. 1434, 6 Nov. [Sf Leonard, B., 13 Hen. VI.] Long-
benyngton. Grant and confirmation by Isabel Gylbert,

daughter of John Gylbert of Foston, to Thomas Howes of
Longbynyngton, chaplain, of those 4 selions of arable land
in the territory of Alyngton, which the said Isabel lately had
of the gift and feoffment of Avice her mother. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Smyth, William Smyth, William Sutton,
Thomas Beuerege, of Longbenyngton.
Two seals.
30. 1439, 24 Sept. [Monday after St Matthew, 18 Hen. VI.]
Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by John Scurth of
Alyngton to John Smyth of Segbroke, of a toft with a bovate
and 6 acres of land in the fields of Alyngton; the which toft

lies in Alyngton between the tenement of the abbot and con-
vent of Neubo on S. and the vennel called Kyrkelane on N.,

and abuts upon the high way towards E. and upon Standpittis
towards W.1 To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Scurth, John Taylyor, Thomas
Godeboy, William Wyther, William Rycheman.
Seal (fragment).
31. 1441, 28 March [Tuesday after Annunciation of B.V.M.
19 Hen. VI.] Alyngton. Delivery, demise and confirmation
by John Smyth of Segbroke to Richard Kellum of Alyngton
and Richard Kellum his son, of a toft with a bovate and 6
acres of land in the town and fields of Alyngton; the which
toft lies in Alyngton between the tenement of the abbot and
convent of Neubo on S. and the vennel called Kyrkelane on
N., and abuts on the high road to E., and upon Standpyttes
to W. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses: William Chapleyn, John Taylyer, William
Wyther, Thomas Rycheman, William Lynwode, of Alyngton.
Seal gone.