PART II. CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THE ENDOWMENTS
GIVEN TO THE HOSPITAL BY
THE FOUNDER. I. ALLINGTON 1. N.d. Grant and confirmation by William, son of Simon
Crisping of Alington, to
[Alan Carpelnter of Alington, his heirs or to whomsoever he will give, etc., wheresoever and
whensoever, both
in sickness and in good health, of two selions of arable land in the territory of the same town,
whereof one lies
upon Longfurlong between the land of [Alvery) Crisping and that of Robert son of William, and
one lies upon
Bramland, between the land of the said Alvery and that of the said Robert son of William. To
hold of the said
William and his heirs freely, etc., without any gainsaying. rendering therefore yearly a
peppercorn at Christmas
for all services, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William Burdet of Alington. clerk. Robert son of
Thomas, Alvery
Crisping, John of Westburg Jof Athel ington. 2. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Geoffrey, son of
Alan Carpenter
of Athelington, to Henry, son of John the reeve of the same, his heirs, or to whomsoever and
whensoever he
will assign it, of two selions of arable land in the fields of Athelington, whereof one selion lies
upon Bramland
next the land of Alvery Crispyng on W. and that of Robert son of William on E., and the other
lies upon
Longefurland next the land of Alvery Crispyng on W. and that of the said Robert son of William
on E., with the
pasture appertaining, and all appurtenances, liberties and easements within the town and without.
To hold of
the said Geoffrey and his heirs freely, etc., doing to the chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John
of Multon,
Thomas Douly, William Crispyng. Alvery Crispyng. Roger son of Adam, Richard Bulite,
Thomas son of William
the clerk. Seal gone. 
94 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 3. N.d. Grant and confirmation by William of
Deilluerton, dwelling in
Athelington, to William Crisping and Cecily his wife, of the same, their heirs and assigns, to
whomsoever and
whensoever they will give, sell, bequeath or assign, both in sickness and in good prosperity, of a
selion of
arable land lying in the north field of Athelington upon Blakemer, between the land of the said
William Crisping
and that of William Burdeth, and abutting at the east head upon Hauerhilforlong. and at the west
head upon
the furlong called Fostun dale. To hold the said selion with all its appurtenances, liberties and
easements
within the town and without in meadows, plains. grazings, pastures, ways and paths, of the lord
of the fee to
the said William Crisping, etc., freely, etc., for ever, without gainsaying or claim of the said
grantor or his heirs,
rendering therefor to the lord of the fee a silver halfpenny at Michaelmas for all secular services,
etc. For this
gift, grant and the confirmation of the present charter the said William Crisping and Cecily have
given a sum of
money at the beginning of the confirmation. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Doly. William son of
William Geue,
Thomas son of Richard the clerk, Alvery Crisping. John son of Thomas, Roger son of Adam, of
Athelington:
Henry of Stanton in Athelington, John of Westeburch in the same; William the clerk. Seal. 4.
N.d. Grant by
Margery Deuly, wife of the late Hugh of Kirketon, in her pure widowhood and liege power, to
William son of
John of Athelinton, clerk, of a toft in the town of Athelinton which was sometime of Malger of
Athelinton, the
which toft the said Hugh and Margery had of William son of Roger Bate of the same town in fee
by his
feoffment. Io hold of the chief lords, etc., without any mesne, freely, etc. for ever. Warranty.
Witnesses:
Thomas Deuly, William Burdet, Alvery Crisping, William Crisping, Thomas of Hereford,
William Jeue, Roger son
of Adam, John of Westburg, John son of Thomas. Seal. 5. N.d. Grant by Thomas son of Thomas
of Herford of
Athelington to Henry son of John son of Hugh of Athelington, 
ALLINGTON of a selion of arable land lying in the north field of the same town upon Peslandis,
between the
lands of the same Henry on either side. To hold, etc., with all its appurtenances, liberties and
easements within
the town or without, of the chief lord of the fee, to give, sell, bequeath or assign to whomsoever
and
whensoever the said Henry, his heirs or assigns will, freely, quit, well, and in peace, of right and
inheritance for
ever, doing to the chief lord of the fee the services therefor due and accustomed, for all worldly
service, suit of
courts and demand. Warranty. Witnesses: William Crisping, Alvery Crisping, Roger son of
Adam. Henry of
Stanton, Robert of Castorpe, Richard Bolit, William Randolf, clerk, all of Athelington. Piece of
seal. 6. 1275, 6
Dec. (St Nicholas, 24 Edw. 1.) Graham.' Grant and confirmation by William Burdet of Alinctona
and Richard his
son & heir to Thomas son of John of the same and Alice his wife, and their heirs, or to whom and
when they
will give. assign, sell or in their last days bequeath the same, of 4 selions of arable land, whereof
two lie in the
south field, viz. one at Smalgraue, between the land of Jak le Ward on S. and that of John
Marescall, and
abutting upon the headland of Ellen Byssyng towards W., and the other upon Bretland, between
the land of
Thomas de Oyly on W. and that of master Ranulf of Carram, and abutting upon the headland of
Henry the
reeve towards N. and upon the lord's tillage (cultura). The third lies in the north field upon
Hauerhyll between
the land of Thomas de Oyly on N. and that of Alvery Cryspyng, abutting upon Hauerhilheuedes
westward and
upon the headland of Thomas de Oyly. The fourth lies between the land of Thomas de Oyly on S.
and that of
Thomas of Herford, abutting upon Bretlandheuedes northward and upon the headland of Thomas
of Herford.
To hold of the chief lords freely. etc., for a sum of money which the said Thomas son of John has
paid in hand,
doing therefor to the lords of the fee the service to the said selions appertaining, and rendering to
the said
William and Richard and their heirs a root of ginger at Easter for all service, etc. Witnesses:
Thomas de Oyly,
Alvery Crispyng. William Crispyng. William Jeue, John son of Thomas, of Alincton. 1I.e.
Grantham. 
96 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 7. 1304, 30 August [Sunday after Decollation of
St John. Athelington.
Grant and confirmation by Robert, son of William son of Roger, of Athelington, to John Mauniel'
of Segbrocke
and Roger son of Adam of Athelington, of a messuage in the town of Athelington, with all lands,
etc., of the
said Robert in the town or territory of Athelington. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses:
William Crisping. Alvery Crisping. Henry of Stanton, Henry son of John, of Athelington: John
Mauniel of
Segbrock, Roger his brother the clerk. Seal gone. 8. 1316, 21 May (Friday ajter the Ascension, 9
Edw. II.
Athelington. Grant and confirmation by John son of Roger Bate of Athelington to Thomas son of
John of the
same and Alice his wife, of a selion of arable land in the north field of Athelington, lying in le
Stocke, between
the land of Hugh Randolf and that of Henry Bauchim. To hold of the chiel lords, etc. Warranty,
for a certain
sum of money which the said John has received in hand of the said Thomas and Alice. Witnesses
: William
Crisping, Alvery Crisping, Roger son of Adam, Robert of Castorp. William Randolf, clerk, of
Athelington. Seal.
Endorsed : Carte terrarum. A modern endorsement has wrongly Wykyngeston. 9. 1317.22 June
(Wed. bejore St
John Baptist, 10 Edw. II.) Grant and confirmation by William of Aluerton, of Athelington, to
Robert, son of
Robert Carpentar of Athelington, and Isabel his wife, of 4 selions in the fields of Athelington,
viz. one in the
north field upon a furlong called Halseuenrigges between the land of the abbot of Neubo' and
that sometime
of William le Nobil, and abutting northward upon the headland of John le Ward; another on the
same furlong
next the land sometime of Robert the reeve, and abutting upon the headland of the said John le
Ward; the
third in the south field upon le Bramland between the land of Robert le Ward and Possibly
Manuiel.
2Sedgebrook. The Premonstratensian abbey of Newbo, situate close to Sedgebrook. 
ALLINGTON that of the chapel of St James the Apostle, and abutting northward upon le Brigdik
and southward
upon the headland of William Crisping: and the fourth in the south field upon le Sikeforlong
between the land
of Hugh Randolf and that sometime of Hugh Frere, and abutting northward upon the headland of
sir John of
Caltoft in le Gayres. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Crisping,
Alvery Crisping,
Robert Geue. Robert of Castorp. of Athelington; William Randolf, clerk. Seal gone. 10. 1321, 6
November [St
Leonard, confessor and abbot, 15 Edw. II.). Grant by Alexander of Kyrkton to John son of Henry
of Athelington,
of a toft in Athelington, lying between the toft of Hugh son of lueta and the road leading to
Graham. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William Crisping. Alvery Crisping, Roger son of
Adam. Robert Geue,
Robert Ward. 11. 1328, 24 July (St James the apostle, 2 Edw. III.] Alyngton. Grant and
confirmation by Robert
Castorp of Alyngton to Alice his daughter, for her good service which she did him after the death
of Mabel her
mother, sometime his wife, of 4 selions of arable land in the fields of Alyngton, viz. in the east
field a selion
called Yelbrodrig' in Foxholys; another lying upon Preushill, which is sum hedland (sic) at the
north end; a third
lying upon Croshell in length 'sowth & northe': and another in the little field next the Spinay,
abutting upon
Salwellsikis. To hold of the said Alice, etc., freely, etc. without any service, suit or demand,
except service to
the king. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Doly the elder, William of Stanton. Robert Warde,
William Crisping,
Hugh Randolf. Seal gone. 12. 1356-7, 24 Feb. (St Matthias, 31 Edw. III.] Alyngton. Grant and
confirmation by
Emma, sometime the wife of Walter Randolf of Alyngton, to Thomas, son of John Randolf. The
chapel of St.
James in East Allington was dependent upon the church of Sedgebrook. The parish church of
West Allington is
said to be dedicated to All Saints; but in No. 43 the dedication is given twice as Holy Trinity and
again in No. 49.
Grantham. 
98 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS of 2 selions of arable land in the fields of
Alyngton, viz. on upon
Presthell next the land of Robert Denecort, and th other upon Saltewelforlang next the land of
Hugh Byssing. T
hold of the chief lords to the said Thomas for his whole life and after his decease to his right
heirs and assigns,
etc Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Crispyng of Alyngton, Robert Doly Robert Ward. Thomas
Randolf. Seal (white
wax). 13. 1360, 21 May (Thurs. ajter St Dunstan, 34 Edw. III.) Athelyngton. Grant and
confirmation by Robert,
son of Henry Greyne of Athelyngton, to Robert Doly of Athelyng ton, of a bovate of arable land
which was
sometime of William, son of Roger Bate, in Athelyngton. To hold of the chief lord, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses:
Roger of Caltoft, Robert Crispyng, Thomas Randolf, Robert Warde, John called Prestus, of
Athelyngton. 14.
1374-5, 18 Feb. [Septuagesima Sunday, 49 Edw., III.) Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by John
Why . ... of
Bottellesford' to William de la Hyll of Foston,2 of all his lands and tenements in the town and
fields of
Alyngton. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Doyly, Thomas Jakson,
William Rand of
Alyngton. William Heruy, John de la Hull of Foston. No seal. 15. 1379-80 [3 Rich. II.] 20
March. Alyngton. Grant
and confirmation by John Hundell of Alyngton to William at Hill of Foston, of a messuage, and a
bovate of land
and meadow in the town and fields of Alyngton next Segbroke." To hold of the chief lords, etc.,
rendering
yearly to the abbot and convent of Neubo 9d. in Michaelmas term and two suits of court at
Michaelmas and
Easter, to the earl of Suffolk one suit of his great court about Michaelmas, and to the lord of
Longbenyng ton'
4d. yearly at the four usual terms. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Burry, Robert Swerde, John
Beurech, William
Broughton, Hugh Raunceby. Seal gone. Bottesford. 2The parish of Foston adjoins that of East
Allington on N.
l.e. East Allington. "Long Bennington is about 3 miles N.W. of Allington. 
ALLINGTON 16. 1381,3 May [Invention of the Holy Cross.) Alyngton. Grant and confirmation
by Stephen of
Skendenby, chaplain, to John Doyly and Thomas son of Emma of Alyngton, of all his lands,
tenements, etc. in
the town and fields of Alyngton. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert
Crysplyng,2
Robert Doyly. Thomas Randolf, Hugh Byssyng. William Bate. Seal. 17. 1394, 4 Oct. [Sunday
ajter Michaelmas,
18 Rich. II.) Alington. Grant and confirmation by John Dunstalle of Alynton to William Danyel
of Syston,' his
heirs and assigns. o a messuage and a bovate of land which was sometime of Thomas Hobard of
Alynton. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Buxum, Robert Buxum, Robert Doly,
Thomas son of
Emma, Robert inthehyrun, of Alyngton. Seal gone. 18. 1300.' 6 Nov. [Sunday after All Saints.]
Alyngton. Grant
and confirmation by John Doyly and Thomas son of Emma of Alyngton to Alice Hawlay of
Cognam,' of a toft
and 4 selions of arable land in divers fields of Alyngton, and 3 roods of meadow in Howdeyl, and
one rood (in)
Stortlaydhege, which were sometime of John Wykmer, and which the said John Doyly and
Thomas had of the
feoffment of sir Stephen of Skendelby, chaplain. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert
Crysplyng,' Robert Doyly. Thomas Randolf, of Alyngton; William Cursun. Seal gone. 19. 1402.
1 Oct. [Sunday
after Michaelmas, 4 Hen. IV. Alyngton. Grant and confirmation (indented) by Robert Heriotson
of Alyngton and
Agnes his wife to Thomas son of John son of Robert of Eyleston' and Marjory his wife, of all
that messuage and
those 14 selions of arable land, l acre of Sic: probably for Skendelby. See No. 18. 2Sic. *About 3
miles E. of
Allington. ".e. in the hurn (corner). ØSic: an obvious error for 1400. The property referred to is
that mentioned
in No. 16. *l do not recognise this as a local name. *Sic. *Probably Elston, Notts., 54 miles S.W.
of Newark. 
100 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS meadow, half an acre of pasture in Alyngton,
which the grantors
lately had of the gift and grant of John Steven of Howys, together with all other lands and
tenements which
they have in the town and fields of Alyngton. To hold of the chiel lords, etc., to the said Thomas
and Marjory
and their issue, with reversion in default of such issue, to the right heirs of the said Robert
Heriotson.
Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Scrof, John Buxum, John Emotson, Richard Wythur, John of
Newerk. Fragment of
one seal. 20. 1409. 1 Dec. [Sunday bejore St Nicholas, II Hen. IV. Alyngton. Grant and
confirmation by John
Mawe of Claworth' and Agnes his wife to John Doylly of Eyleston, of a messuage and 2 bovates
of land in
Alyngton; the which messuage lies between the tenement of Robert Deyncourt and that sometime
of Robert
Doylly. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the said John Doylly and the heirs of his body, with
reversion in
default of such heirs to the right heirs of Robert Doylly. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Scurfe,
William of Kelum,
Thomas Emmotson, John Buxum, Richard Wyther. Seals gone. 21. 1413. 8 Nov. [Wed. after St
Leonard the
abbot, Hen. V.) Grantham. Letters of attorney of William Goldesburgh of Alyngton, appointing
John Haliday of
Grantham the younger his attorney to deliver seisin of a selion of arable land in the south field of
Alyngton to
William Kelme of Alyngton. Seal. 22. 1422.29 June [Monday, jeast oj the apostles Peter and
Paul, 10 Hen. V.]
Grant and confirmation by John Doylly of Alyngton to Thomas Richeman of Alyngton and
Agnes, daughter of
the said John, of a bovate of land in Alyngton, now in the tenure of Richard of Kelm. To hold to
the said
Thomas and Agnes and their lawful issue of the grantor and his heirs, with reversion to the said
John and his
heirs, in default of such issue. Warranty. Hose, Leics., 6 miles N. of Melton Mowbray.
*Clayworth, Notts., 6
miles N.E. of East Retford. *l.e. the William of Kelum (Kelham, Notts.). who appears as a
witness to No. 20. 
ALLINGTON 10 Witnesses: Hugh of Wymbish, Thomas Gosse, William Scurf, John Richeman,
Richard Wythur,
Thomas Jankynson. John Lorde. Seal. Endorsed: Dominus T. Palmer Rector medietatis ecclesie
de Seghbrok,
Dominus Joh. Bowen, Hug. Kyrkby. Rob. Dalby. 23. 1425-6, 20 Jan. [Monday ajter the jeast of
St Alphege, B.M.,
4 Hen. VI.) Grant and confirmation by William Scurth' of Alyngton to John Scurth his son, of a
messuage in
Alyngton, and a bovate and 6 acres of arable land, and all the meadows. etc., in the fields of
Alyngton to the
said messuage belonging; the which messuage is situated between the tenement of the abbot and
convent of
Neubo on S. and that of Thomas Bate on N., and abuts upon lez Stanpittes towards W. and upon
le Templegate
towards E. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Wyther, Thomas Bate.
John Bughsom,
John Rycheman, William Kelme. Seal. 24. 1426. 21 Dec. (Saturday, the feast of St Thomas the
Apostle, 5 Hen.
VI.] Release and quitclaim by Robert Harrison of Alyngton to Thomas Gosse of Eyleston, all his
right in a plot of
meadow in the fields of Alyngton in the place called Herthewykesheng, between the meadow
whilom of
Thomas Doyly and the meadow whilom of Robert Geue. To hold of the chief lords of the fee,
etc. Warrant.
Witnesses: Robert Scurth, Thomas Kelme, Thomas Bate, Richard Wither, of Alyngton: John
Sturdy, of Segbroke.
Seal : oval. 25. 1429 [7 Hen. VII. 15 June. Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by John Scurth, son
of William
Scurth of Alyngton, to Thomas Wyght, chaplain, and Thomas Scurth of Alyngton, of 2 selions of
arable land in
the fields of Alyngton, viz. one upon Presthell next the land of John Denecortt, and the other
upon
Saltewelleforlang next the land of Hugh Byssyng." To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Scrof, Scurf, Scurfe
in previous charters. 2See No. 12. 
102 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: William Scurth, Thomas Bate,
Thomas Jankynson, Richard
Wyther, William of Kelme, of Alyngton. Seal gone. 26. 1429 [7 Hen. VI.J. 15 June. Alyngton.
Grant and
confirmation by William Scurth of Alyngton to Thomas Wight. chaplain, and Thomas Scurth of
Alyngton, of a
messuage in Alyngton, a bovate and six acres of land, and all the meadows. etc., in the fields of
Alyngton
appertaining to the said messuage; the which messuage is situate between the tenement of the
abbot and
convent of Nubo on the S., and the tenement of Thomas Bate on the N., and abuts upon lez
Stanpittes to the
W., and upon le Templegate to the E.' To hold of the chief lords. etc. Warranty. Witnesses:
William Scurth,
Thomas Bate, Thomas Jankynson, Richard Wyther, William of Kelme, of Alyngton. Endorsed :
vnum mesuagium
cum vna bouata et sex acris terre. 27. 1433. 11 August [Second day after St Lawrence in autumn,
II Hen. VI.]
Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by Thomas, son of John Alyngton of Helpston, to William
Scurth of Alyngton.
of 4 selions of arable land in the fields of Alyngton, which the said Thomas had of inheritance
after the death of
his father. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Scurth, Hugh Byssyng, William Goldisburch, William
Kelme, Thomas
Batte. Seal. 28. 1433. 17 Oct. [Saturday after the jeast oj St Wulfran, B. and C., 12 Hen. VI.)'
Grant and
confirmation by William Scurth of Alyngton to Avice, late the wife of John Gilbert of Foston,
and to Isabel,
daughter of John and Avice, of the 4 selions of arable land in the territory of Alyngton, which
William lately had
of the gift and feoffment of Thomas, son of John Alyngton of Helpeston, as appears by charter.
1o hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty. 'See No. 23. ØPresumably Helpston, Northants, 6 miles N.W. of
Peterborough. The
surname of Alyngton was evidently given to a family which had changed its residence from
Allington to
Helpston. The four selions mentioned here and in Nos. 28, 29 may possibly be those referred to
in Nos. 9 and
11. 3The date is of local interest, as the feast of St. Wulfran was the patronal festival of the
church of the
neighbouring town of Grantham. 
ALLINGTON 103 Witnesses: Thomas Bate, Richard Wyther, Richard Kelme, of Alyngton; John
Somur, William
Aleyn, of Foston. Endorsed : quattuor seliones in territorio. 29. 1434, 6 Nov. [St Leonard, B., 13
Hen. VI.]
Longbenyngton. Grant and confirmation by Isabel Gylbert, daughter of John Gylbert of Foston,
to Thomas
Howes of Longbynyngton, chaplain, of those 4 selions of arable land in the territory of Alyngton,
which the said
Isabel lately had of the gift and feoffment of Avice her mother. To hold of the chief lords. etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: John Smyth. William Smyth, William Sutton. Thomas Beuerege, of Longbenyngton.
Two seals. 30.
1439, 24 Sept. [Monday ajter St Matthew, 18 Hen. VI.) Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by
John Scurth of
Alyngton to John Smyth of Segbroke, of a toft with a bovate and 6 acres of land in the fields of
Alyngton; the
which toft lies in Alyngton between the tenement of the abbot and convent of Neubo on S. and
the vennel
called Kyrkelane on N., and abuts upon the high way towards E. and upon Standpittis towards
W.' To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Scurth. John Taylyor, Thomas Godeboy.
William Wyther,
William Rycheman. Seal (fragment). 31. 1441, 28 March [Tuesday after Annunciation of B.V.M.
19 Hen. VI.]
Alyngton. Delivery, demise and confirmation by John Smyth of Segbroke to Richard Kellum of
Alyngton and
Richard Kellum his son, of a toft with a bovate and 6 acres of land in the town and fields of
Alyngton; the which
toft lies in Alyngton between the tenement of the abbot and convent of Neubo on S. and the
vennel called
Kyrkelane on N., and abuts on the high road to E., and upon Standpyttes to W. To hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Witnesses: William Chapleyn, John Taylyer, William Wyther, Thomas Rycheman. William
Lynwode, of Alyngton.
Seal gone. See Nos. 23. 26. The next two deeds refer to this same land. 
104 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 32. 1441. 29 March [Wed. after the
Annunciation of B.V.M. 19 Hen.
VI.] Alyngton. Release and quitclaim by William Scurth of Alyngton and Joan his wife to
Richard Kelme of
Alyngton and Richard Kelme the younger, of all their right. etc., in a messuage in Alyngton and
in a bovate and
6 acres of arable land in the fields of Alyngton: the which messuage lies in Alyngton between the
tenement of
the abbot and convent of Neubo on S. and that of Thomas Bate on N., and abuts upon Stanpittes
towards W.
and upon Templegate towards E. Warranty. Two seals. 33. 1441 (20 Hen. VI.], 20 Oct. Alyngton.
Release and
quitclaim by Thomas Howes of Longbenyngton, chaplain, to Richard Kelme of Alyngton the
elder, of all his
right, etc. in 4 selions of arable land in the territory of Alyngton, which he lately had of the gift
and feoffment
of lsabel Gilbert, daughter of John Gilbert of Foston. Witnesses: Nicholas Waltham, William
Wethir, William
Rase, Thomas Godebowe, William Scurth. Seal. 34. 1443. 13 Dec. [Friday after Conception of
B.V.M., 22 Hen.
VI.] Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by William Kelum of Alyngton to Richard Kelum of the
same, of a selion
of arable land as it lies in the field of Alyngton, between the land of Richard Gobyn on N. and
that of William
Scurth on S. abutting eastward upon the land of the said William. 1o hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: William Wyther, Thomas Rycheman. Richard Bate, John Wryght, Richard Gobyn.
Seal. 35. 1445. 18
Oct. [Monday, the jeast of St. Luke, 24 Hen. VI.] Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by Thomas
Gosse of Eyleston
to William Tydde of Benyngton and William Mawger of Barston,' of a plot of meadow in the
fields of Alyngton,
lying in a place called Herthwykheyng Jetc. as described in No. 24], in exchange for 4 acres of
meadow lying
separately See No. 29 and Nos. 27. 28. 2See No. 21. ØBarkston, Leics. 
ALLINGTON 105 in the fields of Stoke, co. Nott.* To hold of the chief lords. etc. Warrant.
Witnesses: William
Scurff. John Tailliour, Ralph Othedenes, William Chappleyn. William Wyther, of Alyngton.
Seal. Endorsed: Vna
pecia prati vocati Herthwekheyng. 36. 1445. 18 Oct. Alyngton. Letters of attorney of Thomas
Gosse of Eyleston,
empowering Robin Gosse, his son, to deliver seisin of the above plot of meadow to William
Tydde and William
Mawger. Seal gone. 37. 1456. 8 Dec. Testament of Richard Kelme, sen., of Alyngton. He
bequeaths his soul to
Almighty God, blessed Mary and All Saints, and his body to be buried in the chapel of St. James
of Alyngton. To
the said church what shall be just by the name of mortuary. To the fabric of the said chapel. 3s.
4d. To the high
altar of the said chapel, for tithes forgotten. 4d. To the mother church of Lincoln. 4d. To each boy
of his son
Richard, a mother ewe. To John, son of the said Richard, a cow. To every boy of William
Wethere, a mother
ewe. To his son William, his cart with all the harness and with two horses only. To the same
William, his
deatrum' with the appurtenances. To brother William Ermen." 20s. to pray for him. The residue
of his goods,
not bequeathed, he commits to the disposal of his executors. charging their consciences to do
therewith as
may be most expedient for his soul. Executors: Richard Kelme and William, his sons, and
William Wethere, of
Alyngton. Supervisor : sir Thomas Palmer, rector of Sewbroke. Witnesses: Nicholas Waltham,
John Guddeyn,
Richard Bate, of Alyngton. Endorsed : Note of proof and administration before the dean of
Grantham' in the
prebendal church of Grantham, 12 Feb. (probably 1456-7]. lEast Stoke, the parish adjoining
Elston (Eyleston)
on N.W. ØSee note on No. 9. *Sic: possibly aratrum (plough), but the form is difficult to account
for. *A friar, or
possibly a canon of Newbo abbey. *l.e. the rural dean. The rectory of Grantham formed two
prebends in the
cathedral church of Salisbury. 
106 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 38. 1463 [3 Edw. IV). 14 June. Alyngton.
Release and quitclaim by
William Tydde of Benyngton and William Mawger of Barston to Richard Kelum of Alyngton, of
all their right in a
plot of meadow in the fields of Alyngton, lying in a place called Herthwykheyng [etc. as
described in No. 24).
which they lately had of the gift and feoffment of Thomas Gosse of Eyleston, in exchange Jetc.
as in No. 35).
Witnesses: Thomas Richeman, of Alyngton; John Scurff. jun., Hugh Kyrkeby; John Smyth, of
Benyngton;
Nicholas Waltham. Two seals. 39. 1466, 13 Oct. [Translation of St Edward, king and confessor,
6 Edw. IV)
Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by William Harvy of Foston, to Richard Harvy his son, of a
messuage with a
bovate of land and meadow in the town and fields of Alyngton, which lately descended to the
grantor by
hereditary right after the decease of Richard Harvy his father. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Thomas Alcok, Richard Gudbarne, Robert Gerard, of Foston; Hugh Kyrkeby,
Nicholas Waltham.
Robert Dalby, Thomas at Hyrne, of Alyngton. Seal. 40. 1466 16 Edw. IV). 13 Oct. Letters of
attorney of William
Harvy of Foston to William Somur of Foston, empowering him to deliver seisin to Richard
Harvy, son of the said
William Harvy, of a messuage with a bovate of land and meadow in the town and fields of
Alyngton. 41. 1466
16 Edw. IV), 26 Oct. Letters of attorney of Thomas Hugan of Wellyngowr, empowering Thomas
Palmar, parson
of a mediety of the church of Segbroke, to deliver seisin to Richard Kelum of Alyngton, of a
tenement and half
a bovate of land and meadow in Alyngton, as appears fully by charter." Round seal. 42. 1466, 23
Nov. [Sunday
after the jeast of St Edmund, K.M., 6 Edw. IV.) Alyngton. Delivery and demise by Wellingore,
Lincs., between
Lincoln and Grantham. ØNo charter remains. 
ALLINGTON 107 Thomas Smyth of Segbroke, son and heir of John Smyth. whilom of the same,
deceased, to
Henry Clyfton of Alyngton and Margery his wife, late the daughter of John Wryght of Alyngton.
of half a bovate
of land, lying in the fields of Alyngton, called Irneham land; the which John Smyth, the grantor s
fathers, with
others, had of the gift and feoffment of the said John Wryght in the fields aforesaid. To hold of
the chief lords,
etc. Witnesses: Nicholas Waltham, Thomas at Hyme. Thomas Richeman, Hugh Kyrkeby. John
Burton, of
Alyngton. Round seal. 43. 1467-8 17 Edw. IVJ. 14 Jan. Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by
Thomas Chace of
Stathern to Thomas Richeman of Alyngton, of 38 selions of arable land, 3 doles (daylis), and 2
frushes (friscas)
of meadow in the fields of Alyngton, viz. : selion in the south field towards Muston,' next the
land sometime of
Thomas Raundalfe on S.; selion in the same furlong. stretching upon the road called Twenegat',
next the land
of the said Thomas on S.;  selion in le Claysyke next the land of the said Thomas on N.; I selion
upon le Reedis,
between the land of Thomas Raundalfe on either side; and l selion next Botesforthgate,2 next the
land of
Robert Crispyng on W. And in le Southwestfeld 4 selions. viz. I next le Sykeforlong, next the
land of Robert
Crispyng on N.; l in the same furlong, next the land of Thomas Raundalfe on S.; upon le
Britlandis, next the land
sometime of Roger Wymark on W.; and l upon Stanacre, next the land of the abbot of Newbo on
either side.
Also in the Northwestfeld 7 selions, viz. I next Burswelgate, next the land of Roger Bernard on
either side; I at
Nethgatis, next the land of William Archer on E.; 2 at Harkynwell, next the land of Thomas
Nobull on W.;I upon
le long furlongis next the land of Robert Crispyng on E.; I upon le forlongis next Britlandgate,
next the land of
the abbot of Newbo on E.; and in le furlongis below the same furlong, next the land of Thomas
son of John on
S. Also in the north field towards Benyngton 5 selions, viz. I upon Okulthorn, next the land of
the abbot of
Newbo on W.; I upon le Sykforlongis, next the land of Roger Caltofte on W.; l in the same
furlong, next the land
of Robert Crispyng on W.; upon the headland of 1In Leicestershire, W. of Sedgebrook. 2The
road through the
common fielda to Bottesford. W.S. W. of Allington. 
108 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Thomas Raundalfe (sic) on S.; in the same
furlong, next the land of
William Archer on S. Also in the north field towards Foston 9 selions, viz. I in Foston dale, next
the land of the
abbot of Newbo on S.; I in le Foston dale, next the land sometime of John Herforth on E.; in the
same furlong,
next the land of William Archer on N.; I upon le Gylthorn, next the land of William Archer on
N.; I in Foxholes,
next the land of the abbot of Newbo on S.; 1 in le Netherfoxholes, next the land of Thomas
Randolfe on W.; 1
in the same furlong, next the land of the church of the Holy Trinity of Alyngton on E.; upon
Spikeacre, next the
land of the abbot of Newbo on N.; and l in the same furlong, next the land sometime of Roger
Caltofte on N.
Also in the east field in le littelfeld 8 selions. viz. upon le Hardelandes, next the land of Thomas
Raundalfe on E.;
1 in le Fresky feris, next the land of the abbot of Newbo on the W.; one short selion (curtus selio)
at
Holmesdyke, next the land of Thomas son of John on W. and abutting upon the land of Thomas
Randolfe
towards N.; 2 selions lying together, abutting upon le Holmesdyke, whereof one extends through
two furlongs
next the land of the abbot of Newbo on N.; I upon Harlandis, next the land of the church of
Segbroke on E.; 1 at
Rennandsore, next the land of Thomas Raundolfe on N.; and l upon le Berlandis, next the
headland called
Geuehedeland on N. And one rood of meadow, lying in le Northenge, next the meadow of
Thomas Raundolfe
on N. And one rood on Osbenacre, next the meadow of Thomas Raundolfe on W. And half an
acre at
Thynholmgate, next the meadow of Roger Wymarke on S. And one frush lies in le Stoksyke next
the frush of
William Archer on W. And one frush lies in the same place, next the frush of the church of the
Holy Trinity on E.
With further grant and confirmation of a piece of meadow and pasture lying together in
Herwykheng in the
fields of Alyngton, between the meadow of sometime of sir Robert Deyncourte, kt., on S. and the
meadow of
Robert son of Henry on N., and abutting upon le Beke towards E. The which lands and meadows,
etc., the
grantor lately had together with John Nicholl, perpetual vicar of Howes. and Stephen of Boston,
of
Hekyngton.', clerk, of the gift and feoffment of William Raundolfe of Howes, clerk. To hold of
the chief lords,
etc. Warranty. 'See notes on No. 9. 2Hose. *Heckington, Lincs., 5 miles S.E. of Sleaford. 
ALLINGTON 109 Witnesses: Hugh Kyrkeby, John Scurthe, John Moote, Robert Dalby, John
Burton. Seal
(fragment). 44. 1472, 17 May (Whitsunday, 13 Edw. IV.) Alyngton. Letters of attorney of
William Danyel of
Thorueton,' empowering Richard Kelom of Alyngton to deliver seisin in a messuage and a bovate
of land,
sometime of Thomas Hobard of Alyngton, as in a charter of feoffment is more fully mentioned.
[Name oj the
person receiving seisin omitted. Seal gone. 45. 1474 14 Edw. IVJ. 9 Oct. Alyngton. Grant and
confirmation by
Henry Clyfton. late of Alyngton, and Margery his wife to Richard Kelom of the same, of half a
bovate of land,
lying in the fields of Alyngton, called Irnehamland; the which they lately had of the gift and
feoffment of
Thomas Smyth of Segbroke, as appears by charter. To hold of the chief lord. etc. Warrant.
Witnesses: Hugh
Kyrkeby, Thomas Rycheman, Thomas at Hyrne, Nicholas Waltham, John Burton, of Alyngton.
46. 1474 [14 Edw.
IV). 9 Oct. Acknowledgement of bond by Henry Clyfton, late of Alyngton, husbandman, to
Richard Kelom of the
same, in 40s. payable at Christmas next. Part of seal. Condition (endorsed): The said Richard and
his heirs shall
have and peaceably enjoy half a bovate of land in the fields of Alyngton called Irneham land. 47.
1476 116 Edw.
IVJ. 10 May. Grant and confirmation by Robert Blakwell of Segbroke, husbandman, to Thomas
Palmer, rector
of the church of Segbroke, sir William Lauforth, chaplain, and John Pykden, of a messuage in
Alyngton with 4
selions in Capcroftes, on the N. side of Hawthorngate; and it abuts to W. on the king's way, and
to E. upon
divers selions of Thomas Awburne. Also gift of a bovate of arable land in the town and fields of
Alyngton. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Probably Thoroton, Notts., 8 miles S.W. of Newark, and
about 6 miles W.
of Allington. See No. 17. "See No. 42. 
110 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: Hugh Kyrkeby. John Skurfe,
Richard Kelym. Thomas
Awburne, Robert Harby. Round seal. 48. 1480 (20 Edw. IV), 19 April. Alyngton. Grant and
confirmation by
William Burton and Ellen his wife, and William Wright and Alice his wife, to Thomas
Molyneux, Thomas Palmer,
clerk, William Porter and Hugh Kyrkby, of that bovate of land in the territory of Alyngton which
was of Thomas
Richeman, the grandfather of Ellen and Alice. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: Richard
Kelom, William
Petwyn, Thomas Basyngham, William Mason, Richard Skorfe. Three seals. 49. 1487, 16 Oct.
Testament of
William Schowrfe of Alyngton. He bequeaths his soul to Almighty God, blessed Mary and All
Saints, and his
body to be buried in the churchyard of the parish chuich of the Holy Trinity of Alyngton. To the
said church
what shall be just by the name of mortuary. To the fabric' of the mother church of Lincoln, half a
quarter (sic).
To the prior and convent of St Katherine's, Lincoln, 6d. To the abbot and convent of blessed
Mary of Newbo,
46s. 8d. To the fabric of the church of the Holy Trinity of Alyngton, 2 quarters of barley. To the
chapel of St
James in the said town of Alyngton, half a quarter of barley. To the friars of Notyngham, 2
measures of barley.
To the Austin friars of the city of Lincoln, 2 measures of barley. To Hugh Kyrkebe, 12d. To
Christopher
Hepburne, 12d. To his mother, Alice Weodur," 2 sheep. To his sister, Edith Wedur, 2 measures
of corn. To his
daughter Elisabeth, 2 cows. 1o John Burton, a gown and a pair of leggings. To John Kellum a
gown and a coat of
armour. To John Kellum, 2 measures of barley. The residue of his goods, not bequeathed, to
Agnes Schurfe his
wife, whom he constitutes his executrix, that she may dispose for the salvation of his soul as may
best seem
good to her. Supervisors: Hugh Kyrkby and Christopher Hepburne. Witnesses: Hugh Kyrkbe,
William Burton,
John Masse. 1I.e. Scurfe or Scurth. See Nos. 23, 25, etc. 2.e. the permanent fabric fund or works.
3The priory of
Gilbertine canons in the south suburb of Lincoln. *.e.Wyther. See No. 19 for the firet appearance
of the name
in this series of documents. 
ALLINGTON 111 50. 1491-2 17 Hen. VII). 15 Feb. Allyngton. Delivery demise and
confirmation by Richard
Kellome of Alyngton, husbandman, to Richard Kellome of Alyngton, his son, of a toft with a
bovate and 6 acres
of land, lying in the town and fields of Alyngton; the which toft lies in Alyngton between the
tenement of the
abbot of Newbo on S. and the vennel called Kyrkelane on N., and abuts upon the highway to E.,
and upon
Sandpyttes to W.' To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Hugh Kerkeby, Robert
Dawby, William
Burton. Seal in black wax. 51. 1496 [12 Hen. VII). 4 Dec. Release and quitclaim by William
Burton of Alyngton
and Ellen his wife, one of the daughters and heirs of William Richeman, to Edmund Busche of
Hogham, esq., of
all their right in a bovate of arable land and meadow lying in the fields of Alyngton, called Janet
thyng.
Witnesses: Hugh Kyrkby, Robert Onyon, John Adlard, John Mascy, William Tempulman, of
Alyngton. 52.
149612 Hen. VIIJ. 5 Dec. Grant and confirmation by Edmund Busche of Hogham, esq., to
Richard Kelome of
Alyngton, sen., John Adlard, and Robert Onyon of the same. of a bovate of arable land and
meadow lying in the
fields of Alyngton, called Janet thyng: which Edmund lately had of the gift and feoffment of
William Burton of
Alyngton and Ellen his wife, one of the daughters and heirs of William Richeman, late of
Alyngton. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warrant. Witnesses: Hugh Kyrkby, Richard Scurff, Hugh Burton. John
Mascy, William
Tempulman, of Alyngton. Seal gone. Endorsed : vna bouata terre et prati vocata Janet lande. 53.
1479 [12 Hen.
VII). 12 Aug. Writing of Thomas Foster, late of Bottesford, and Joan his wife, daughter and heir
of Robert
Blakwell, late of Sedgbroke, William Lauforth, chaplain, and John Pykden, releasing and
quitclaiming to Richard
See Nos. 23. 26, 30-32. 2Hougham lies N.E. of Allington and 64 miles N.W. of Grantham. 
112 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Kelome of Alyngton, jun., all their right, title,
etc. in a toft lying in
Alyngton. with 4 selions lying in Capcroftes on the north side of Hawthorngate, and abutting W.
on the king's
way, and upon divers selions of Thomas Awburn to E. Also in a bovate of arable land lying in
the fields of
Alyngton. The which toft. etc., were of late of the said Robert Blakwell. In the which toft, etc.,
the said Richard
Kelome now exists in full possession and seisin. Warranty. Witnesses: Hugh Kyrkby, John
Kelome, John Masse,
John Bate, Henry Dalby. Four seals. Endorsed: vna bouata terre et quatuor seliones vocate
Blakewyslandes. 54.
1479 [12 Hen. VIIJ, 12 Aug. Bond of Thomas Foster of Byngham, co. Notts., shomaker, and
Joan his wife to
Richard Kelome of Alyngton, jun., in ú10 of lawful money of England, payable at Michaelmas
next following: to
be void if Richard, by the said date, have peaceable seisin of 'a tofte, iiij ryggys and an oxe gange
of arabull land
lyeng in the town and feldys of Alyngton within sayd, the wyche tofte iiij ryggys and the
oxegange were late
Robard Blakwell of Segbroke. The condition endorsed. Two seals. 55. 1505 [20 Hen. VII), 10
May. Grant and
confirmation by Ellen Burton of Alyngton, widow,' in her pure widowhood. to Thomas Burton
her son. Stephen
Dalby of Alyngton, Hugh Burton of the same and John Bate of the same, of all lands. etc., in the
town and fields
of Alyngton, which of late descended to her by hereditary right after the death of Thomas
Richeman her
grandfather, now deceased. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the use of the said Thomas Burton,
her son, and
his heirs. Warranty. Witnesses: John Massy, John Richeman, Robert Geff. Robert Grawnt,
William Caluer, Hugh
Dalby, Robert Losko. of Alyngton. 56. 1512 14 Henry VIII), 15 Dec. Acknowledgement of bond
by Hugh Kellom
of Alyngton to Richard Kellom, in ê100, payable at the feast of the Purification next. See No. 47.
2See Nos. 48,
51. This grant includes Ellen Burton's share in the lands and tenements described in No. 43. 
113 ALLINGTON Condition (endorsed) : the said Hugh shall pay to the said Richard 2s. 8d. at
the said feast, and
shall appear before George Chaworth, sheriff of Nottingham and Derby, when requested by the
said Richard.
57. 1519-20 [11 Hen. VIII),1 Jan. Grant and confirmation by Richard Kellome of Alyngton,
yoman, to John
Shentall of Botesford, gent., and Roger Marshall of the same, yoman. of a toft with a bovate and
6 acres of
land, with all other lands, etc., to the said toft appertaining, in the town and fields of Alyngton;
the which toft
lies between the tenement of the abbot and convent of Newbo on S. and the vennel called le
Kyrke lane on N,
and abuts upon the road to E. and upon Sande pyttes to W.* To hold to their use and for the
execution of the
grantor's last will, of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Attorneys to deliver seisin: Robert Wynter,
clerk, and
Richard Kellome, son of the grantor, conjunctim et divisim. Seal gone. 58. 1520 [11 Hen. VIII),
24 Nov. Release
and quitclaim by Robert Graunt of Alyngton, husbandman, and John Graunt of the same, his son,
to Richard
Kelom of Alyngton and Robert Kelom of the same, of all actions real and personal, etc. Seal
gone : simple
queue. 59. 1520 [12 Hen. VIII). 3 Dec. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Burton of Alyngton to
Stephen Dalby
of Muston. of all his lands, tenements, meadows, grazings, pastures and cottages in the town and
fields of
Alyngton. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Wynter, rector of
Sydbroke;' Richard
Kellom, Robert Graunt, of Alyngton. Endorsed : circumstantibus' : Robert Craschawe, William
Caluer, Robert
Kellom, Thomas Wynter, Stephen Kellom, John Swelles, Hugh Reynold, John Wynter, of
Alyngton. 60. 1520 [12
Hen. VIII), 6 Dec. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Burton of Alyngton, husbandman, to
Stephen Daby (sic) of
Muston, co. Leices., gent., of all his lands, etc., in See Nos. 23, 26, 30-32, 50. 2See No. 55.
*Sedgebrook. 
114 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Alyngton; and of a cottage, together with all
other lands, etc., which
he has in Alington in reversion after the decease o Ellen Burton of Alyngton, his mother, or
which he holds by
right of inheritance after her decease or that of any othe person. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Hugh Reylond,' Robert Hunt, Rober Kellome. Endorsed: circumstantibus ': Robert
Crawschawe,
William Caluer, Robert Kellom, Thomas Wynter, Stephen Kellom, John Swelles, Hugh Reynold.
61. 1520 (12
Hen. VIII), 6 Dec. Bond of Thomas Burtor of Alyngton, husbandman, to Stephen Dalby of
Muston, ir 20 marks
sterling, payable at Christmas next following; to be void if Stephen by the said date have
peaceable possession
and seisin delivered to him by Thomas, of the lands, tenements, etc., in Alyngton, as specified in
a deed of the
above date. 62. 1523-4 [15 Hen. VIII), 5 Jan. Release and quitclaim by William Caluer of
Alyngton to Thomas
Harby, son and heir of Richard Harby, of his right in a messuage which he, together with Thomas
Burton, late of
Alyngton, deceased. had of the gift and feoffment of Richard, and of which Thomas Harby is
now in full and
peaceful possession. Round seal. 63. 1523-4 (15 Hen. VIIIJ, 30 Jan. Grant and confirmation, for
money paid in
hand to the grantor by Simon Fitzrichard, kt., by Thomas Harby of Alyngton, son and heu of
Richard Harby, late
of Foston, to the said Simon, John Fitzrychard and William Ardern, of his messuage in Alyngton,
which William
Caluer, together with Thomas Burton, deceased, lately had of the gift and feoffment of the said
Richard, and
their right in which they released to the said Thomas, as appears by charter, dated 5 Jan., 15 Hen.
VIII. To hold
of the chief lords, etc., to the use of the said Simon, his heirs and assigns. Warranty. Round seal.
Sic : for
Reynold. 2See No. 62. 
115 ALLINGTON 64. 1523-4 [15 Hen. VIII), 18 March. Indenture (English) of bargain and sale
by Elizabeth
Dalbye, widow, late the wife of Stephen Dalbye of Muston, co. Leices., and by Harry Dalby, son
and heir of the
said Stephen and Elizabeth, to William Wigston the younger of Leycestre, merchant of the staple
of Calais, of
all their lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Alyngton, late given to them by the
feoffment of
Stephen Dalbye aforesaid.* Estate to be made before Easter. Agreements for transfer of tenants
and delivery
of title-deeds. Discharge of all former bargains, etc., except chief rents to the lord of old time
accustomed. The
said William pays ú10 to the said Elizabeth and Harry, of which ú5 is paid at the sealing of these
indentures,
and the remainder is due at the feast of Philip and Jacob next after the date of these presents. 644.
Counterpart of same indenture. 64B. A third copy. One seal (broken). 65. 1523-4 (15 Hen. VIII),
18 March.
Acknowledgment of bond by Elizabeth Dalby, widow, late the wife of Stephen Dalby, late of
Muston, co.
Leycester, and Henry Dalby, son and heir of the said Stephen and Elizabeth, to William Wigston
the younger,
merchant, etc., in ú20, payable at the feast of St. John Baptist. Two seals. Condition (endorsed):
peaceful
enjoyment by the said William of all such land as he bought of the same Elizabeth and Henry,
and fulfilment of
conditions expressed in a pair of indentures bearing date 18 March 15 Hen. VIII. 66. 1523-4 [15
Hen. VIII), 20
March. Leycester. Grant and confirmation by Elizabeth Dalbye, widow, late the wife of Stephen
Dalbye of
Muston, co. Leices., and by Henry, son and heir of the said Stephen and Elizabeth, to William
Wigston, jun., of
Leycester, merchant of the staple of Calais, master Thomas Wigston, clerk, William Gillot, clerk,
and Robert
Clerk of Croxton, of all the messuages, cottages, lands, etc., which the said grantors have in the
town and fields
of See Nos. 55, 59-61. 
116 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Allyngton. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to
the said William,
Thomas, William and Robert, and the heirs and assigns of the same William Wigston. Warranty.
Appointment
of Richard Fynye and Thomas Dawkyns to enter the premises and take seisin, and deliver the
said seisin to the
grantees. Two seals. Endorsed: (1) Carta de Alyngton; (2) Thes persons folowyng wer present at
the possession
takyng: sir Robert Wynter, parson of Sidbruke, William Rychman of Alyngton, Jhon Jelebrand,
Robert
Jelebrand, Richard Rycheman, and many odir. 67. 1523-4 15 Hen. VIII), 22 March. Bottysford.
Release and
quitclaim by Ralph Calcrofte, Hugh Masyngberd, and Thomas Vincent of Bottysford, co. Leices.,
at the instance
of Elizabeth Dalbye, widow, late the wife of Stephen Dalby of Muston, and of Henry Dalbye, son
and heir of the
said Stephen, to William Wigston, of all their right in all the messuages, cottages, lands, etc., in
the town and
fields of Allyngton, which, together with the said Elizabeth, they lately had of the gift and
feoffment of the said
Stephen. Two seals : the third gone. 68. 1524 (16 Hen. VIII), 2 Sept. Alington. Release and
quitclaim by Robert
Wryght, son and heir of Alice Wryght. the daughter and heir of William Richeman, to Richard
Kellome of
Alyngton, sen., and Richard Kellome of the same, jun., of all his right in all that bovate of land in
Alyngton
called Jenet land.* Warranty. Witnesses : Francis Hall, esq., Hugh Massyngberd. Endorsed:
Enrolled in the court
of the duke of Suffolk at Wilsford, 19 Oct., 16 Hen. VIII. 69. 1524 [16 Hen. VIII), 4 Sept. Grant
and confirmation
by Symon Fitz Richard, kt., of Segbroke, co. Linc., to William Wigston, jun., merchant of the
staple of Calais,
master Thomas Wigston, clerk, and Robert Clerke of Croxton, for ú5 13s. 4d. paid in hand by the
said William,
of a messuage with all lands, etc., in the town and fields of See Nos. 51, 52. 
117 ALLINGTON Alyngton, which the said Symon, together with John Fitz Richard and
William Arderne, lately
purchased of the gift and feoffment of Thomas Harvie of Alyngton. To hold of the chief lords,
etc., to the said
William, Thomas and Robert. their heirs and assigns, to the need and use of the said William
Wigston and his
assigns. Warranty. Appointment of Sir Robert Wynter, rector of Alyngton, as the grantor's
attorney to take and
deliver seisin. Seal. 70. 1524 [16 Hen. VIII), 8 Sept. Release and quitclaim by John Fitzrichard
and William
Arderne to William Wigston, jun., of Leicester, merchant of the staple of Calais, master Thomas
Wigston, clerk,
and Robert Clerke of Croxton, of all their right in a messuage with all its appurtenances in the
town and fields
of Alyngton; the which, together with Symon Fitzricharde, they had of the gift and feoffment of
Thomas Harvie
of Alyngton. Two seals. 71. 1525 (17 Hen. VIIII, 8 Oct. Leycester. Grant by William Wigston,
jun. of Leycester,
merchant of the staple of Calais, to master Thomas Wigston, clerk, Roger Wigston, Richard
Reynold, William
Gillott, clerk, Robert Harwar, Edward Beyr. John Westas. Roger Gillot, Nicolas Reynolde.
Ranulph Wood,
Thomas Hynde, Robert Davye, and Robert Clercke of Croxton, of a messuage with all lands, etc.,
in the town
and fields of Alington, which the said William Wigston lately purchased of the gift and
feoffment of Simon
FitzRychard, kt., of Segbrok, co. Linc. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the use of sir William
Fyshar and sir
Richard Walshe, chaplains of the hospital of the said William Wigston in Leycester, and the poor
of the same,
for the term of sixty years, with reversion to the use of the said William Wigston, for the
performance and
execution of his last will and free disposal. Warranty. Appointment of Richard Fynye and
Thomas Dawkyns as
attorneys to take and deliver seisin of the premises. Seal. Endorsed (later hand): Alyngton. See
Nos. 62. 63. 
118 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 72. 1525 [17 Hen. VIII), 8 Nov. Leycester.
Release and quitclaim by
Thomas Wigston, clerk, and Robert Clercke of Croxton, at the instance of William Wigston, jun.,
of Leycester,
to Roger Wigston, Richard Reynold, Robert Harwar, Edward Beyr, John Westas, Roger Gyllot,
Nicholas Reynold,
Ranulph Wood. Thomas Hynde and Robert Dauye, of all their right in a messuage, with all the
lands, etc.,
thereto appertaining in the town and fields of Alington; the which. together with the said William
Wigston,
they lately had of the gift and feoffment of Simon FitzRichard, kt., of Segbroke, co. Linc. Two
seals. Endorsed:
Relaxacio de Alyngton. 73. 1526 [18 Hen. VIII), 29 Sept. Release and quitclaim by Richard
Kellome of Alyngton
the younger, to Richard Kellome of Alyngton the elder, of all his right in all that bovate of land
in Alyngton
called Jenet lenis. Seal. 74. 1526-27 (18 Hen. VIII), 22 Feb. Leicester. Letters of attorney of
William Wigston of
Leicester, jun., merchant of the staple of Calais, empowering Richard Fynye and Thomas
Dawkyns, jointly and
severally, to enter in all his messuages. lands. etc., in the towns and fields of Foston, Alyngton
and Harlaston,
co. Lincoln, and, having taken, to deliver seisin thereof to the chaplains and poor folk of the
hospital of the said
William Wigston, or to their attorney or attorneys. according to the effect of his charter bearing
date 21 Feb.
18 Hen. VIII. Per me Willelmum Wygston juniorem leycestrie manu propria. Seal with shield of
William Wigston
(a perfect impression) 75. 1528 (20 Hen. VIII), 20 June. Demise, delivery and confirmation by
John Shentall of
Bottesforde, gent., and Roger Marshall of the same to Richard Kellome of Alyngton, sen., and
Robert Kelome of
the same, his son, of a toft with 2 bovates and 6 acres of land, lying in the town and fields of See
Nos. 51, 52,
68. 
119 ALLINGTON Alyngton, between the tenement of the abbot and convent of Neubo on S. and
the vennel
called le Kirke lane on N., and abutting on the common way to E. and upon Sande pyttys to W.;
the which John
and Roger had of late of the gift and feoffment of the said Richard Kellome, to the use of the said
Richard, as
appears by charter.* To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the use of the said Robert Kellome and the
heirs male
of his body lawfully begotten; with remainder successively to Adam Kellome and Stephen
Kelome, and their
legitimate heirs male. per me Johannem Schentall. Two seals. Endorsed; Witnesses: Thomas
Meres, William
Calver, William Rycheman, John Robynson, William Dawby, Thomas Burton, of Alyngton. 76.
1529 [21 Hen.
VIII). 20 Dec. Indenture of bargain and sale by Rychard Kyllam the elder of Alyngton to William
Wigston the
younger of Leicestre, marchaunte of the staple of Calice, of the said Richard's messuage in
Alyngton, with all
the lands, etc., pertaining to the same within the town and fields of Alyngton or elsewhere. Estate
to be made
before the feast of the Purification next following. Discharge of all former bargains, etc.
Agreement to deliver
title-deeds, etc. The said William promises to pay ú54, of which ú24 are paid on the day of
making of these
presents, and the remaining ú30 shall be paid at the feast of the Purification aforesaid. Seal. 764.
Counterpart
of above, with signature of William Wygston. 77. 1529 [21 Hen. VIII). 20 December. Bond by
Richard Kyllam of
Alyngton to William Wigston, jun., of Leicester, merchant of the staple of Calais, in ú100,
payable at the feast
of the Purification of B.V.M. Condition (endorsed): the fulfilment of the terms of a pair of
indentures of the
above date. Seal. See No. 57. 
120 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 78. 1529 [21 Hen. VIII), 22 Dec. Grant and
confirmation by Richard
Kyllam, sen., of Alyngton to William Wigston. jun., of Leicester, merchant of the staple of
Calais, Thomas
Wigston, clerk, William Gillot, clerk, and Robert Clarcke of Croxton, yoman, of a messuage in
the town of
Alyngton, with all the lands, etc., thereto appertaining in the town and fields of Alyngton. To
hold of the chief
lords, etc., to the said William. Thomas, William and Robert, to the need and use of the said
William Wigston.
Warranty. Appointment of Richard Walsche, clerk, and Gregory Saltfford, to take and deliver
seisin of the
premises. Seal. Endorsed: Witnessis at possession takenge. Sir Robert Wynter, prest. Robert
Losscoo, yoman,
William Richmonde. housbondman, and Hugh Reynold, yoman. 79. 1529-30 [21 Hen. VIII), 29
Jan. Release and
quitclaim by Robert Kyllome, jun., of Alington, yoman, to William Wigston, jun., of Leicester,
merchant of the
staple of Calais, of all his right in a messuage with its appurtenances in the town and fields of
Alyngton.
Witnesses: Gregory Saltfford, Richard Walsche, clerk. Richard Blake, William Bennet. Per me
Robertum
Kellome. Seal. 80. 1530 [21 Hen. VIII), 31 March, Leycester. Release and quitclaim by Hugh
Kellam of Alyngton,
son and heir of John Kellam, deceased, to William Wigston, jun., merchant of the staple of
Calais, Thomas
Wigston and Richard Walsche, clerks, of all the right in the messuages, lands, etc., in the town
and fields of
Alyngton, which lately were of Richard Kellam, the said Hugh's uncle, in Alyngton, and which
the said Richard
Kellam lately sold to the said William. Seal. 81. 1534 [26 Hen. VIII), 3 Dec. Release and
quitclaim by Richard
Hardy, son of Richard Hardy, late of Foston, co. Linc., to William Wigeston, jun., merchant of
the staple of
Calais, of all his right in a messuage and a bovate of land in Alyngton, which the said William
has lately
purchased of him. Warranty. 
121 ALLINGTON Witnesses: John Gye. William Richeman, Hugh Reynold. Seal. 82. N.d.' Mtr
Browne I hartely
recommennde me unto you & haue sende to you by this berer a dede whyche l have devised
ffrom Mtr
Thomas Wigston & also a letter of attorney which 1 haue devised for suche persons as shalbe
attorneys for you
& your hospitall to receyve seison And ye must remember that John Holdham or Rychard
ffynnys must delyuer
seyson in euery part of the landis in Alyngton ffoston or Harlaston in the countye of Lyncoln in
the name of all
the landis tenementis & hereditamentis conteynyd in the sayd dede made frome the sayd mtr
Thomas
Wigston accordyng to the effect of the same dede And lyke wyse lyuere of seison to be delyueryd
in the
countye of Leycestre in the landis in Norton or Bowdon in the sayd countye of Leycestur in the
name of all the
landis tenementis & hereditamentis conteynyd in the sayd dede & accordyng to the effect of the
said dede / &
thys lyuere of seyson must be delyueryd to John Rede clerke or William Tayllour as attorneys for
you & your
hospitall to receyve seison of the premysses And before eny lyuere of seyson be made mtr
Thomas Wigston
must delyuer this sayd dede as his dede to the said John Holdam & Rychard ffynnys or to one of
them And ye
in like maner after ye have sealyd your letter of attorney with your comen seale & before eny
lyuere of seison
delyueryd must delyuer the said letter of attorney as a dede made ffrome the chapleins & poore
ffolx of
William Wigston in the towne of leycestur in the countye of leycestre /I tolde yow the maner &
fourme of the
lyuere & seison the last tyme that l spake with you / lett certeyn of your secrett & substancyall
ffrendis be
pryvey to thys lyuere of seyson to be made in either of the sayd countyes or shyres & to be made
as secretly as
ye can for sum causes that 1 can tell you at our next metyng I pray you make my
recommendacions to my lady
Wigston Thus our lorde god haue you all in his kepyng ffrome Grays in' the Sonday next before
Candelmas day.
This letter and No. 824, relating to the property of the hospital in Allington and other places, are
addressed to
Walter Browne, chaplain of the hospital, apparently by Edmund Molyneux, the London lawyer,
to whom the
arrangements for taking seisin of the lands had been entrusted. The date is probably 1537 or
1538: Thomas
Wigston and William Wigston s widow were still living. 2.e. Grays Inn. 
122 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 82A. [In another hand. First mtr Thomas
Wigston to seale hys dede &
to delyuer it as hys dede to John Holdham or Richard ffynnys. Then your letter of attorney to be
sealyd with
your comen seale & to be delyueryd for a dede to John Reede or William Taylour. After that
lyuerey of season
to be delyueryd in ether of the seyd shyris as is before writton & thys must be secretly don for if
the lordis of
whom the landis be holdeyn do knoo they may make troble or cause you lose your landis iff they
be not agreyd
wyth before By your loffyng ffrend Edmund Molyneux. Endorsed. Norton : Sir Wylliam mounke
of Galbe. John
Dane the helthar off Dalbe John Dane the yonger Thomas At Alyngton. Hen. Renolde Thomas
Fyshar of Foston
Johan Thorpe of Sielbe. Wylliam Thorp of Quonyburow Rychard Gye off Redmeyll II.
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR.
83. N.d. Grant and confirmation, with quitclaim by Ralph, son of William Biscop of Barkiston,
to Ralph, son of
Geoffrey Chaweny,' of a selion of arable land in the territory of Barkiston, lying upon le
Blakeland, between the
land of Gilbert Seman and that sometime of John Dode, and abutting upon the headland of sir
Ralph of
Arnhale. To hold, etc., rendering yearly to the grantor, his heirs or assigns, a silver halfpenny at
Easter for all
secular service. Warranty against all men and women, Christians and Jews. Witnesses: William
of Blida, William
Chaweny, John Beringer, William Hardy, Henry le Graunt, Gilbert Seman. Seal gone. 84. N.d.
Grant and
confirmation by master Robert of Radmild' to Joan his sister, for her service, of that toft in the
II.e. Chaveney.
21.e. Redmile. Master Robert of Redemilde was instituted to the church of Withcote, Leices., 26
May 1263
(Rot. Gravesend, p. 143). 
123 BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR town of Barkiston which the said Robert bought of William
of Herdeby, and of
all the land which he bought of the same in the territory of Barkiston, and of all his right and
claim which he
had or may have in the same toft and land, with the meadows, etc., thereto pertaining, within and
without the
same town. To hold of the grantor or his assigns to Joan, her heirs or assigns, to whomsoever in
health or in
sickness, or in what state of body soever, she will give, sell, bequeath or assign the same, except
to men of
religion or to the Jewry; rendering therefor a penny at Easter for all service, etc., save foreign
service.
Warranty. Witnesses: Sir Theobald of Bellus, Ralph of Arnal. William of Beruby in Barkiston,
William Hardi,
William of Blithe, William Chauene, Geoffrey Chauene, Roger Spenser, John son of Roger.
Robert his brother,
John Berenger, Roger. then vicar of Barkiston. Seal gone. Endorsed (later): Et faciendum
seruicium debitum et
consuetum capitalibus dominis feudi : istud deest in cart. 85. N.d. Grant and confirmation by
William son of
Symon of Tytheby to William of Blithe and Alice his wife, of two selions of arable land in the
territory of
Barkiston : to wit. one beyond Maniwellegate, which is called Martoc, with the herbage at the
head of the said
selion; and the other upon Godiuehauedlond, next the land of Henry le Grant. To hold of the
grantor and his
heirs to the said William and Alice and their heirs or assigns, to whomsoever or whensoever,
whether in health
or in sickness, or in whatsoever estate they be, they will give, sell, bequeath or assign the
premises, freely, etc.,
and in heritage, men of religion and the Jewry excepted, rendering therefore yearly to the said
grantor or his
heirs a penny at the feast of St. Botolph, for all secular service, etc. Witnesses: Sir Ralph of
Arnal; William
Hanselin. William Hardi, William Chaueney, Roger Spenser, John Beren [ger), Robert his
brother. Pointed oval
seal: S' WILL'I. DE. TYTHEBY Roger of Frisby was instituted to the vicarage of Barkston in
1245 or 1246 (Rot.
Grosseteste, p. 427). He died before 22 March, 1272-3, when his successor, Simon of Denton,
was instituted
(Rot. Gravesend, p. 153). The charter is therefore at latest earlier than the latter date. 
124 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 86. N.d. Grant and confirmation by John le
Machun' of Plungar to
William le Warner and Luce his wife, of four selions of arable land in the territory of Barkeston,
with herbages
and appurtenances; whereof one lies at le Castelgate, between the land of William Hardy and that
of Osbern
Snellyng; and another abuts into Castelgate, between the land of Walter Hounfrey and that of
Gilbert Seman;
and the third lies upon Hongirhil, between the land of Walter Hounfrey and that of Robert son of
Roger; and
the fourth lies upon le Fivefurlong, between the land of John Beringer and that of Osbern
Snellyng. To hold to
the said William and Luce in survivorship, to whomsoever and whensoever they will give. sell,
or bequeath at
their last hour or assign the premises, freely, etc., and in heritage, rendering therefor yearly to the
said grantor
and his heirs a silver penny at Easter for all secular service, etc. Warranty. And, if it happen that
the said
grantor or his heirs will not warrant the premises to the said William and Luce and their heirs,
they shall make
to the same William and Luce an exchange in the field of Plungar in as suitable a place.
Witnesses: Sir Richard
of Bellehus; Richard of Bernak: William of Blyda; William of Chaueney: John Beringer. Peter
Tredgold,
warrener, Henry le Graunt. Seal gone. 87. N.d. Grant and confirmation by William le Warner.
dwelling in Stoke
de Aubeny,' and Lucy his wife, to sir Simon the chaplain of Denton, perpetual vicar of
Barkeston,' of four
selions of arable land in the territory of Barkeston, with theu herbages and appurtenances :
whereof one lies at
le Castelgate, between the land of William Hardy and that sometime of Osbern Snelling; and
another abuts
into Castelgate, between the land of Walter Hounfrey and that sometime of Gilbert Seman; and
the third lies
upon Hungerhil between the land of Walter Humfrey and that of Robert son of Roger: and the
four lies upon le
Fyuefurlong with herbages, between the land of John Beringer and that of Osbern Snelling. 1o
hold to them
and their heirs and assigns, to whomsoever they will give, sell, or in their last hour bequeath or
assign the
premises, of the grantors and their heirs freely, etc., and in 1.e. Mason. 2Stoke Albany,
Northants. *This dates
the charter as later than 22 March, 1272-3. See note on No. 84. 
125 BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR heritage, rendering therefor to John le Machun of Plungard.
his heirs or assigns,
a silver penny at Easter. Warranty. Witnesses: Sir Richard of Bellehous; Richard of Bernach
William of Blyda;
John Beringer, William son of John. Henry le Graunt, William Chaueny. Seal gone. 88. N.d.
Grant and
confirmation by Simon of Denton, vicar of Barkiston, to Alesia of Langer, daughter of William
of Herteby, of
five selions lying in the fields of Barkiston, to wit, a selion upon Hungiril next the land of Walter
Humfrey. a
selion upon le Fifourlong, abutting upon le Bek next the land of John Beringer, a selion abutting
upon le
(Cast)ilgate next the land of John son of Gilbert, a selion in le Dritilkir next the land of William
of Bernake, and a
selion abutting upon le Castilgate next the land of William Hardy. To hold of the said Simon and
his heirs to the
said Alesia, her heirs and assigns, to whomsoever and when and wheresoever she will give, sell,
bequeath or
assign the premises, whether in health or in sickness, freely, quit, in heritage, well and in peace,
rendering
therefor yearly to the lord prior of Beuuer a penny on Easter day for all secular services, suits of
court.
scutages, wards, reliefs, actions and demands. Warranty. Witnesses: John Beringer of Barkiston,
William of
Beruby, William son of John, William Hardy, Henry le Graunt, Peter le Warner, Robert
Chaueney. Seal gone. 89.
N.d.' Grant and confirmation by Joan Dalyens (?) of Barkestun to Alice (Alesie) of Langard of a
selion of arable
land in the fields of Barkeston, lying upon le Frome next the land of John Bug and abutting upon
Redemildga.
To hold of the chief lord, etc., rendering therefor a halfpenny at Easter for all secular services,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William Bernak, William of Brinhirst, John Bug', William of Beruby, William son of
John, Henry
Grant, Richard the clerk. Piece of seal. ILangar, Notts. The land includes the four selions of Nos.
86, 87. The
selion in le Dritilkir' is not accounted for in previous charters. ØThis and Nos. 90-92 are later than
1290. "The
name is doubtful. Joan le Walyand occurs in No. 95. 
 126 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 90. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Alice
Brown of Barkeston to John
the miller, her daughter's husband, of a messuage and a selion in the croft adjoining the said
messuage in the
town of Barkeston. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John son of Walter of
Barkeston; John
son of Peter, William Chaueny, Robert Chaueny, of Barkeston: Ralph Hardy. Seal gone. 91. N.d.
Grant and
confirmation by Robert, son of Geoffrey Chaueney of Barkystun, to Alice, daughter of William
of Herdeby,
dwelling in Barkystun, of a selion of arable land in the field of Barkystun, lying between the land
which William
of Blithe sometime held of the church, and the land of Hugh, son of Robert Beringer, and
abutting upon le
Brodgate. To hold of the chief lord of the fee, doing yearly for the said selion to the same chief
lord a root of
ginger at the feast of St John Baptist for all secular services, suits of court, scutages, wards,
reliefs, actions and
demands, freely, quit, in heritage, well and in peace, to whomsoever and whensoever she will
give, sell,
bequeath at the last or assign the premises. Warranty. Witnesses: John Beringer, William of
Beruby, William
Hardi, William son of John. Henry Graunt, Richard the clerk. Seal gone. 92. N.d. [Indented)
grant and
confirmation by Alice of Langer in Barkiston to sir William of Bernache, of two selions abutting
into Brodegate
next the land of sir Payn, in exchange for half an acre upon Kaldewellefurlong next the land
sometime of
Robert Amy. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William of Brenhurst, John
Beringer, John son
of Walter, of Barkiston; Bartholomew of Pilton in Plungarth, Robert Houder of the same, Roger
Wade of
Bottelisford. Seal. 93. 1292, 18 June (Wed. before the Nativity of St John Baptist, 20 Edw. I.)
Grant by Hugh, son
of Robert of 
127 BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR Barkestona,' to Alice of Langer, of a half acre of arable land
in the fields of
Barkestona, lying upon le Langfurlong next the land of John Beringer, abutting upon the
headland of William of
Bernak. To hold of the chief lord of the fee to the said Alice, her heirs or assigns, or to
whomsoever and
whensoever she will give, sell, bequeath or assign the premises, freely, quit, well, in peace and in
heritage, for
ever, doing therefor to the same lord of the fee the services due and accustomed. Warranty.
Witnesses:
William of Brininghirst in Barkestona, John Beringer, William Hardi, William of Berubi.
William son of John, of
the same. Seal. 94. 1293. 30 Nov. [St Andrew, 22 Edw. 1.] Grant and confirmation of Hugh, son
of Robert son of
Roger, to Alice of Langard, of a selion of arable land in the fields of Barkeston, lying towards
Plungard next the
land of John Beringer, and abutting upon le Brodgate. To hold of the chief lord of the fee by the
services
therefor due and accustomed, to the said Alice, her heirs or assigns, to whomsoever or
whensoever she will
give, sell, bequeath or assign the said selion, freely and quietly, in heritage, well and in peace,
rendering
therefor yearly to the same chief lord a root of ginger at the feast of St John Baptist, for all
secular services.
suits of court, actions and demands. Warranty. Witnesses: William Beringer, William of
Brunhirst, John
Beringer, William of Beruby, William Hardy. Seal. 95. 1294, 18 April [Easter, 22 Edw. I.] Grant
and confirmation
by Roger, son of Hugh the chaplain of Barkystun, to Alice of Langerd, daughter of William of
Herddeby,
dwelling in Barkystun, of a selion of arable land in the field of Barkystun. lying upon le Stonis
between the land
of Joan le Walyand and that of William Hardei and abutting upon Redemeldgate. To hold of the
chief lord of
the fee to the said Alice, her heirs and assigns, doing therefor yearly to the same chief lord a
silver farthing at
Christmas for all secular services, suits of courts, actions and demands, and likewise the other
services Hugh
son of Robert Beringer: see No. 91. 
128 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS due and accustomed, freely, quit, entirely, in
heritage, well and in
peace, to whomsoever or whensoever they will give. sell, bequeath at the last, or assign the said
selion.
Warranty. Witnesses: William of Brunhirst of Barkyston, John Beringer, William of Beruby,
William Hardy.
William son of John. Henry Graunt, William Chaueny, John son of Gilbert, Richard the clerk.
Fragment of seal.
96. 1298-9, 11 Jan. (Sunday ajter Epiphany, 27 Edw. 1.) Grant and confirmation by Robert of
Kybword' in
Barkestor to Thomas, son of Ralph Pilet of Barkestun, and Pernell his wife in survivorship, their
heirs and
assigns, of two selions of arable land in the territory of Barkistun, viz. one upon le Hovlholm
next the land of
William Samsonis, and the other upon Hungirhill Hefdis at one head on the south side of the mill
of the said
William, next the land of William Samsun. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses:
Sir Thomas de
Belhus. William of Bernak, William of Brininghirst, John son of Walter, William of Beruby,
Richard le Long of the
same. Seal gone. 97. 1311. 21 April (Wed. bejore St Mark Evan. 4 Edw. II.) Barkyston. Grant
and confirmation
by Robert of Kybburthe of Barkyston to Thomas Weynum le Dexter' of Hauerberg and Avice his
wife and
Geoffrey his son, for a certain sum of money paid in hand, of four acres of his arable land in the
fields of
Plunger, whereof two roods lie jointly upon Thuerlondes (?) next the land of John Cade on N.,
and three roods
upon a selion at les Dammes next the land of Elen le Houdere on W., and a rood and a half at
Herdebigate'
extending upon the headland of Robert of Plunger next the land of Elen le Houdere on W., and
half an acre of
land in le Longehay next the land of Bartholomew of Pulton on E., and half ar acre in le
Schortehay next the
land of Richard le Houdere on N., and a rood and a half beyond Statherennegate" next the land of
Gerboud of
Herdeby on S., and a rood upon Stoneneshyl extending into Statherennegate next the land ol
William Dam on
W., and a rood and a half at Gosecroft nex Kibworth. 21.e. the dyer. Market Harborough. "The
road to Harby.
The road to Stathern. 
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 129 the land of Robert of Crophyl on E. To hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Robert le Houdere; John son of Hugh of Plunger; Geoffrey of Beruby, William le
Graunt, of
Barkyston; Geoffrey Fleming of Hauerberg', Richard of Smeton of the same; Reynald the clerk.
Seal gone. 98.
1311, 11 Nov. (Thurs. St Martin, 5 Edw. II.] Hauerberge. Indenture of delivery and demise by
Thomas Waynum,
dexter, of Hauerberge, Avice his wife and Geoffrey their son, to Robert of Kybburthe of
Barkyston, of those
four acres of land in the fields of Plunger which the said Robert gave and chartered to them. To
hold for the
term of his life of the said grantors and their heirs, rendering them yearly therefor a rose flower at
the Nativity
of St John Baptist for all services, and to the chief lords of the fee the services due and
accustomed. Warranty.
Witnesses : Nicholas of Pidele, Richard of Smeton, Adam Andreu. Richard Cristien, Reynald the
clerk. Seal gone.
99. 1311-2, 15 Jan. (Sat. ajter St Hilary the conjessor, 5 Edw. II.) Barkeston. Grant and
confirmation by Alice of
Langar, daughter and heir of William of Herdeby in Barke stona, in her lawful power, to Robert
her brother,
dwelling in Thingdeyn', of all her lands of whatever fee, with herbages and all their
appurtenances, lying in the
fields of Barkeston and Plungart, even as they are contained in her charters of feoffment', without
any
reservation. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William of Huntigdun in
Bottilsford'; John
Beringer, William Chaueney, John son of Walter, of Barkeston; Geoffrey of Beruby in the same.
Seal gone. 100.
1317,25 April (St Mark's day, 10 Edw. II.) Barkeston. Grant and quitclaim by Robert Lound of
Barkeston to
William Grraunt (sic), jun., of Barkeston, of his right in four acres of land in the field of
Plungarth, which the
said Robert Finedon, Northants. 2See Nos. 88, etc. ØBottesford. 
130 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS held for the term of his life of Thomas Waynun,
dexter, of
Hauerberge'. Witnesses: William Breinghirst, Geoffrey Beruby, John son of William, William
Graunt, of
Barkeston. Seal gone. 101. 1339-40, 13 Feb. [Sunday, St Edward the Martyr, 14 Edw. III.)
Barkeston. Release
and quitclaim by Willian Carpenter of Barkeston, with the assent and consent o Ydonea his wife,
to Thomas of
Blyth (de Blyda), of all actions wrongs, trespasses, etc., by reason of waste made in houses, etc.,
in the town of
Barkeston. Seal gone : simple queue. 102. 1340. 23 Aug. [Wed. bejore Decollation oj St Joh
Baptist, 14 Edw. III.)
Barkeston. Grant and confirmation by Robert of Berughby', chaplain, to William his son and
Simoi his
(William's) brother, of two messuages and a bovate o arable land and 8s. rent in Barkeston. To
hold of the chie
lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Thomas son of Walter of Barkyston, Williar Hankoc. William
Ledbyr, John
Willelmi of Dorad (sic). Joh son of Alice. Seal gone. 103. 1341. 6 May [St John bejore the Latin
gate, 15 Edu III.]
Barkeston. Remise and quitclaim by Joan Hauncelyn c Barkeston, in her free power, to Robert
Beruby of
Barkestor chaplain, of all her right in a toft with a croft, in a bovate land, and in 13s. yearly rent
in the town of
Barkeston, an of five swathes of meadow in the warren en le Slade next th meadow of William
Hauncelyn, the
which premises the san Robert Beruby previously purchased of Robert Houder Plungarth and
Joan his wife.
Witnesses: William son of Henry, John son of Willian Roger Hardy. John the clerk. No seal.
103A. Another copy,
written upon the back of wh appears to be a piece of a court-roll, now much faded. 'See No. 98.
Robert Lound
was apparently identical with Robert Kibworth. *Marcii wrongly written for martyris.
ØBarrowby, Lincs. 
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 131 104. 1347, 25 April [Wednesday, St Mark the Evangelist, 21
Edw. III.] Barkistona.
Grant and confirmation by Alice, sometime the wife of William son of Walter of Barkistona, to
sir Richard of
Belhous, kt., of two roods of arable land lying in the field of Barkistona; whereof one rood lies at
the boundary
of Plungarth, between the land of John of Belhous on either side, and the other rood lies beyond
Redemildgate. between the land of the prior of Belvoir on E. and that of William son of Henry on
W. To hold of
the chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John of Belhous, William of Ledebiri, of Barkistona;
Robert of
Wellinghour, William son of Henry. John Seman, Roger Hardi, William Chaueney, William
Bonde. Seal gone.
105. 1347. 8 July (Sunday ajter St Thomas the Martyr, 21 Edw. III.] Barkeston. Indenture
(French) between
William. son of William Chaueneye of Barkiston of the one part and William of Denton of
Barkiston and Simon
Malkinson of Barkeston of the other, witnessing that, whereas the said William and Simon have
granted and
given to the said William son of William and his heirs 10s. of yearly rent, payable at St Thomas
the Martyr,
from all their lands and tenements in Barkeston, the said William son of William has granted, for
him and his
heirs, that, if Robert Malkinson of Barkeston, John Malkinson of Barkeston, and Alice their
sister, when they
shall be of age, i.e., of 21 years, make release to him, if he be alive, or to his heirs, if he be dead,
or, if the said
Robert. John and Alice demise without heirs of their body. or, if they or any of them so that at no
time
henceforward shall the said William son of William or his heirs be impleaded by the said Simon
Malkinson of
Barkeston or his heirs or by the said Robert, John and Alice or their heirs, the said writing
concerning the said
yearly rent shall be void and of none effect, in whose hands so ever it be. Witnesses: William son
of Henry.
William Lauk. Robert of Seal gone. 106. 1361-2, 9 Jan. (Sunday after Epiphany, 35 Edw. III.)
Barkeston. Grant
and confirmation by John Graunt of 
CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 132 Barkeston to John Seman of Barkeston and
Simon Seman of the
same, of a messuage in the town of Barkeston and nine acres of arable land adjoining the said
messuage in the
fields of Barkeston and Plumgarth; the which messuage is situated between the tenement of
Robert son of
Robert of Berughby on N. and the toft of Robert son of John, and abuts upon the tenement of
Simon son of
Robert of Berughby on E. and that of William Persoun on W. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: William Chaueney of Barkeston, William Persoun, Robert son of Robert, John son of
Thomas,
Robert Criche. Seal defaced. 107. 1364, 3 May (Invention of the Holy Cross, 38 Edw. III.)
Barston. Grant and
confirmation by Robert of Cryche. of Barston, and Alice his wife to John son of Robert of the
same and Joan his
wife and the heirs and assigns of the said John, of four selions of arable land in the fields of
Barston; whereof
one lies next the fishpond (le stangnum piscium), abutting into le Castelgat; and one lies across
Redmyldgate
next the land of John Seman; and one lies under the headland next the land of John Seman; and
one lies at
Wrongdeyl ende next the land of John Seman. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William
Chaueney of Barston; Robert son of John, William Seman, chaplain; William of Denton; Simon
son of Robert;
Thomas of Cryche; Symon his brother. 107A. Copy of same (unsealed) in 15th cent. hand. 108.
1392 115
Richard II.], 6 May. Barkeston. Release and quitclaim by William Malyn and Agnes his wife, of
Leycestre, to
John of Berughby and Alice his wife, of Barkeston, of their right in all the lands and tenements
which should
revert to the said William and Alice after the death of John Graunt and Alice his wife in
Barkeston and
Plumgarth. Warranty. Witnesses: William Brynghirst, William Chaueney. Robert of Berughby,
of Barkeston;
Robert Henryson, John Symson, John Ward, of Plumgarth. Seals gone. 
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 133 109. 1393. 15 June [Sunday ajter St Barnabas, 16 Rich. II.
Barkeston. Grant and
confirmation by John of Berughby and Alice his wife to John Graunt of Barkeston and Alice his
wife, of all the
lands and tenements which the said grantors had of the gift and feoffment of the same John
Graunt in
Barkeston. To hold for the term of their lives in survivorship, rendering therefor to the said John
of Berughby
and Alice and their heirs a rose at the feast of St John Baptist. Warranty. No witnesses. Seal
gone. 110. 1396,
31 Aug. [Thurs. after Decollation of St John Baptist, 20 Rich. II.] Barkeston. Grant and
confirmation by Simon
Beroby of Barkeston to John his son of the same, of all his tenements, lands and rents in the town
and fields of
Barkeston. To hold of the chief lords, etc., rendering therefor yearly to the said Simon for the
term of his life
four shillings at the four terms of the year usual in the same town. Witnesses: Robert his brother
of Barkeston,
John son of Thomas, William Brynghest, John Chany', of Barkeston. Seal gone. 111. 1412, 25
March
[Annunciation of B.V.M., 13 Hen. IV.) Barkston. Grant and confirmation by John Lawk of
Barkeston to John
Baroby and William son of Robert of Barkeston, of all his lands and tenements in the town and
fields of
Barkeston. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : John Chany, William
Brynghest, Robert Stok.
Symon son of Thomas of Barkeston. Seal gone. 112. 1413.31 July (Mon. after St James the
apostle, l Hen. V.)
Barkeston. Release and quitclaim by Hugh Godechere of Barkeston to John Berughby of the
same, of all
actions, real and personal, from the beginning of the world to the making of these presents.
Fragment of seal
(simple queue). 113. 1440-1 (19 Hen. VI.], 2 Feb. Barkeston. Grant by William Huntyndon of
Barkeston to John
Roos, esq., John 1.e. Chaveney. 
134 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Freman, rector of the church of Botellesford',
John Mylnar. clerk. and
Thomas Brovne of Botellesford, of all the lands. tenements, etc., which descended to the said
grantor by right
of inheritance after the death of Richard Huntyndon his father, in Botellesford, Barkeston, and
Redmyld,
together with all his goods and chattels. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses:
John Marschall of
Botellesford. Walter Marschal of the same, Richard Portar of Redmyld. John Grene of Barkeston,
Henry
Machon of the same. Piece of seal. 114. 1444, 30 Aug. [Morrow oj the Decollation oj St John
Baptist, 22 Hen.
VI.] Barkeston. Grant and confirmation by John Roos, esq., John Freman, rector of the church of
Botellesford,
John Milnar, clerk, and Thomas Browne of Botellesford, to William Huntyndon of Barkeston, of
all the lands,
tenements, rents and services in Botellesford, Barkeston and Redmyld, together with all the
goods and chattels
which the said grantors had of the gift and feoffment of the said William. To hold of the chief
lords. etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: John Marschall of Botellesford, Walter Marschall his brother, Richard
Portar of Redmyld,
John Grene of Barkeston, Henry Bachous of the same. Two seals : two gone. 115. 1445 [24 Hen.
VI.], 11 Oct.
Barston. Grant and confirmation by Eleanor Barouby, daughter and heir of John Barouby,
otherwise called
Robertson of Barston, to Robert Barouby of Barston, of those four selions of arable land lying
severally in the
fields of Barston, which descended to her by right of inheritance after the death of the said John
her father. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Bryngest of Newerk, John Orston,
Robert Stoke,
Robert Godechepe of Barston, John Wade of Plungarth. Seal. 116. Same date. Barston. Letters of
attorney of
the same Eleanor, empowering John Smyth of Barston to deliver seisir Instituted 27 Sept. 1420;
resigned by 21
Sept. 1445 (Lincoln Reg xvi, f. 88 d; xviii, f. 160). 
135 BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR to the said Robert of the said four selions according to the
force, etc., of her
charter made to the said Robert touching the same. Piece of seal : simple queue. 117. 1451. 5
April [Mon. after
St Ambrose, Bp. Conj., 29 Hen. VI.) Barston. Grant and confirmation by William Hontyngton of
Barston in le
Vale to Thomas Stonesby of Gunwardeby', Thomas Talbon of Hardeby, clerk. Nicholas Jarvas of
the same. John
Somurcotes of Grantham, John Gasgelle of Bottesford, and William Grene of Redmyld, of all his
lands.
tenements, etc., in the towns and fields of Barston, Redmyld and Bottesford', together with all
his goods, etc.,
in the said towns and fields and everywhere else throughout the realm of England. To hold of the
chief lords,
etc. Warranty. Witnesses : John Orston, Thomas Randolfe, Thomas Fosbroke, Robert Stoke,
John Smyth, of
Barston. Seal. 118. 1466-7 (6 Edw. IV.], 8 Feb. Barston. Grant and confirmation by John
Bawchon of
Gunwardeby to Joan his wife. William Houton of Barston, and William Grene of Redmyld. of all
the lands, etc.,
which the said John has in the town and fields of Barston. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses:
John Smyth. William Beton, Henry Dobulday, William Cragge. John Cobbe, of Barston. Seal.
Endorsed: Bauchon.
119. 1468, 20 Nov. [Sunday after St Hugh, 8 Edw. IV.) Barston. Demise and delivery by William
Houton of
Barston. William Grene of Redmyld, and Joan, wife of John Bawchon of Gunwardeby, to
William Bawchon of
Statherne and Alice his wife, of all those lands, tenements, etc., which the said grantors lately had
of the gift
and feoffment of the said John Bawchon in the town and fields of Barston. To hold for the term
of forty years
from Michaelmas last past, rendering therefor to the chief lords the fees, rents and services of old
due and
accustomed. Gonerby. 2See Nos. 113. 114. 
136 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: John Chase of Statherne; John
Smyth, William Orston,
Robert Wynne, William Beton. Three seals. 120. 1468 (8 Edw. IV.]. 22 Nov. Letters of attorney
of Joan, wife of
John Bawchon of Gunwardeby, empowering John Chase of Statherne to deliver seisin of the
premises above
named to William Bawchon of Statherne and Alice his wife. 121. 1472, 14 Sept. [Mon.,
Exaltation oj the Holy
Cross, 12 Edw. IV.) Barston. Demise, delivery and confirmation by Nicholas Jarvas of Herdeby
and William
Grene of Redmyld to William Hontyngton of Barston in le Vale and Katherine his wife, of all
those lands,
tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Barston, which the said Nicholas and William Grene,
together with
Thomas Stonesby of Gunwardeby, Thomas Talbon of Herdeby, clerk. John Somurcotes of
Grantham, and John
Gasgelle of Bottesford, deceased, lately had of the gift and feoffment of the said William
Hontyngton'. To hold
of the chief lords, etc., to the said William and Katherine and the heirs and assigns of William.
Witnesses: John
Brabazon of Estwell', gentylman; William Forde of Notyngham, gentylman; John Joye of
Stakethern'; William
Dymok, John Smyth, of Barston. Fragment of one seal : the other gone. 122. 1475,6 Dec. [St
Nicholas, Bp., 15
Edw. IV.] Barston. Demise and delivery by Nicholas Jerves of Hardeby and William Grene of
Redmyld to William
Hontyngton of Barston, of all those lands and tenements, etc., together with all the goods, etc.,
which the said
Nicholas and William Grene, together with John Somurcotes. Thomas Talbon, clerk, John
Gasgylle, and Thomas
Stonesby of Gunwardeby. deceased, sometime had of the gift and feoffment of the said William
Hontyngton in
the towns and fields of Barston. Redmyld and Botellesford, or everywhere else within the realm
of England. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: William Dymmok, William Randolfe, Rober Thorp. John
Cobbe, William
Orston, of Barston. Two seals. See No. 117. *Eastwell. Stathern. 
137 BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 123. 1484 1 Rich. III.]. 1 May. Barston. Grant and
confirmation by John Barewe
of Barston, husbandman, to John Smyth of Barston in le Vale, husbandman, and William
Bawchon of the same,
of a messuage wherein the said grantor dwells, with 54 acres of land lying in the fields of Barston
and
Plungarth. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Dymok, William
Orston, John Kyme,
Robert Taylor, William Smyth, of Barston. Seal. 124. 1502 [18 Hen. VII.], 12 Oct. Staunford.
Deed of John
Bawchon of Cathorp super le Heth, co. Lincoln', kinsman and heir of John Bawchon, sometime
of Gunwardby,
co. Lincoln, and son and heir of Robert Bawchon, brother of the aforesaid John Bawchon the
grantor's uncle.
Whereas the said John the uncle gave, enfeoffed, and confirmed by his charter to Joan his wife.
William
Houton of Barkeston, and William Grene of Redmyle, those his lands, tenements, etc.. in the
town and fields of
Barkeston, to hold to them, their heirs and assigns, to the use and profit of the said John the
uncle, his heirs
and assigns'; and, because the said John the uncle and Joan his wife, and William Houton and
William Grene
are dead, after their decease and after the death of the said John the uncle, the said lands,
tenements, etc.,
descended by right of inheritance to the said John Bawchon of Cathorp. to hold of the chief lords.
etc.; the said
John of Cathorp has given, granted and confirmed, and sold for a sum of money paid in hand, to
sir William
Bawchon, clerk, vicar of Talyngton', all those lands, tenements, etc., to hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Quitclaim. Witnesses: John Goylin of Staunford, notary public, writer of these presents; John
Gedney of
Talyngton, wryght; Henry Gedeney, John Pavy, Robert Doxford, of Talyngton. Goylyn Part of
seal. 125. Same
date. Staunford. Letters of attorney of John Bawchon of Cathorp super le Heth, empowering sir
William Grene
of Barkeston, clerk, and Thomas Forgeaunt of Plongarth to deliver seisin of all those lands,
tenements, etc.,
which were of John Bawchon his uncle, sometime of Caythorpe in Loveden wapentake. See No.
118.
*Tallington, Linco. 
 136 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: John Chase of Statherne; John
Smyth. William Orston,
Robert Wynne, William Beton. Three seals. 120. 1468 (8 Edw. IV.]. 22 Nov. Letters of attorney
of Joan, wife of
John Bawchon of Gunwardeby, empowering John Chase of Statherne to deliver seisin of the
premises above
named to William Bawchon of Statherne and Alice his wife. 121. 1472, 14 Sept. [Mon.,
Exaltation oj the Holy
Cross, 12 Edw. IV.) Barston. Demise, delivery and confirmation by Nicholas Jarvas of Herdeby
and William
Grene of Redmyld to William Hontyngton of Barston in le Vale and Katherine his wife, of all
those lands,
tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Barston, which the said Nicholas and William Grene,
together with
Thomas Stonesby of Gunwardeby, Thomas Talbon of Herdeby, clerk. John Somurcotes of
Grantham, and John
Gasgelle of Bottesford, deceased, lately had of the gift and feoffment of the said William
Hontyngton'. To hold
of the chief lords. etc., to the said William and Katherine and the heirs and assigns of William.
Witnesses: John
Brabazon of Estwell', gentylman; William Forde of Notyngham, gentylman; John Joye of
Stakethern'; William
Dymok, John Smyth, of Barston. Fragment of one seal : the other gone. 122. 1475,6 Dec. [St
Nicholas, Bp., 15
Edw. IV.] Barston. Demise and delivery by Nicholas Jerves of Hardeby and William Grene of
Redmyld to William
Hontyngton of Barston, of all those lands and tenements, etc., together with all the goods, etc.,
which the said
Nicholas and William Grene, together with John Somurcotes, Thomas Talbon, clerk, John
Gasgylle, and Thomas
Stonesby of Gunwardeby, deceased, sometime had of the gift and feoffment of the said William
Hontyngton in
the towns and fields of Barston, Redmyld and Botellesford, or everywhere else within the realm
of England. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: William Dymmok, William Randolfe, Robert Thorp, John
Cobbe, William
Orston, of Barston. Two seals. See No. 117. *Eastwell. *Stathern. 
137 BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 123. 1484 (1 Rich. III.). 1 May. Barston. Grant and
confirmation by John Barewe
of Barston, husbandman, to John Smyth of Barston in le Vale, husbandman, and William
Bawchon of the same,
of a messuage wherein the said grantor dwells, with 54 acres of land lying in the fields of Barston
and
Plungarth. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Dymok, William
Orston, John Kyme.
Robert Taylor, William Smyth, of Barston. Seal. 124. 1502 [18 Hen. VII.], 12 Oct. Staunford.
Deed of John
Bawchon of Cathorp super le Heth, co. Lincoln', kinsman and heir of John Bawchon, sometime
of Gunwardby,
co. Lincoln, and son and heir of Robert Bawchon, brother of the aforesaid John Bawchon the
grantor s uncle.
Whereas the said John the uncle gave, enfeoffed, and confirmed by his charter to Joan his wife.
William
Houton of Barkeston, and William Grene of Redmyle, those his lands, tenements, etc., in the
town and fields of
Barkeston, to hold to them, their heirs and assigns, to the use and profit of the said John the
uncle, his heirs
and assigns'; and, because the said John the uncle and Joan his wife, and William Houton and
William Grene
are dead, after their decease and after the death of the said John the uncle, the said lands,
tenements, etc.,
descended by right of inheritance to the said John Bawchon of Cathorp. to hold of the chief lords,
etc.; the said
John of Cathorp has given, granted and confirmed, and sold for a sum of money paid in hand, to
sir William
Bawchon, clerk, vicar of Talyngton', all those lands, tenements, etc., to hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Quitclaim. Witnesses: John Goylin of Staunford, notary public. writer of these presents; John
Gedney of
Talyngton, wryght; Henry Gedeney, John Pavy, Robert Doxford, of Talyngton. Goylyn Part of
seal. 125. Same
date. Staunford. Letters of attorney of John Bawchon of Cathorp super le Heth, empowering sir
William Grene
of Barkeston, clerk, and Thomas Forgeaunt of Plongarth to deliver seisin of all those lands,
tenements, etc.,
which were of John Bawchon his uncle, sometime of Caythorpe in Loveden wapentake. 2See No.
118.
ØTallington, Linco. 
138 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Gunwardby, to his kinsman sir William
Bawchon, clerk, vicar of
Talyngton. Goylyn Seal. 126. Same date. Acknowledgment of bond by John Bawchon of Cathorp
on le Heth. co.
Linc., to sir William Bawchon, clerk, in ú10, payable at Easter next, to the which payment he
binds his goods.
Condition : the peaceful possession by the said William of all lands, tenements, etc., within the
town and fields
of Barkeston, according to the virtue and strength of a deed made and delivered to him by the
said John.
Goylyn 127. 1503 [19 Hen. VII.], 18 Sept. Letters of attorney of William Bawchon of Talyngton,
clerk,
empowering William Barrobe of Barkeston to recover peaceful possession and seisin from his
kinsman John
Bawchon, of a messuage in the town of Barkeston with all lands, etc., in the which messuage the
said William
Barrobe dwells, and which the said William Bawchon purchased lately from the said John
Bawchon, according
to the force, etc., of a charter of release and feoffment made by the said John. Part of seal : simple
queue. 128.
1510-11, 28 Jan. [Tues. after the Conversion of St Paul, 2 Hen. VIII.] Denton'. Release and
quitclaim by Thomas
Forgeaunt of Denton, co. Lincoln, husbandman. and Emmott his wife to William Bawchon of
Talyngton. clerk,
of their right in a messuage in the town of Barkeston in le Vale de Beluero, with the horse-mill
built within the
said messuage and 15 acres of arable land, 10 selions, and a plot of three perches (triroda) with
three swathes
(andenis) and the third part of two swathes of meadow, as they lie and are situate in the town and
fields of
Barkeston; the which they lately had of the gift, feoffment and full release of the said William, as
appears by
charter. Warranty. Power of attorney to William Kerchevar [George Forgeaunt written overl,
John Groocok,
John Draper, William Barrobee and John Barrobe of Barkeston to deliver seisin. The deed is
piously headed
lhesus. 
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 139 Witnesses : sir Nicholas, vicar of Barkston', John Drapar,
John Wyn. William
Dalewats, Robert Ecopp, William Barrobe, John Barrobe. Two seals. 129. 1513 (5 Hen. VIII.], 4
June. Staunford.
Grant and confirmation by William Bachon of Talyngton, clerk, to Robert Sheppey, clerk.
Thomas Gelyan of
Plungarth, William Barooby and Robert Bekkett of Barston, of a messuage of his in Barkeston of
late in the
tenure of William Barowby; the which messuage the said grantor lately had of the gift. grant and
confirmation
by charter of John Bawchon, as appears by his charter, in fee simple'. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Power of attorney to John Groocok and John Wynne to deliver seisin, etc. No witnesses. Seal.
130. Same date.
Staunford. Letters of attorney of William Bawchon of Talyngton, empowering Thomas
Forgeaunt of Denton.
John Groocok and William Barrobe of Barkeston, husbandmen, to deliver seisin of all those
lands and
tenements, etc., which were late of John Bawchon of Cathorp super le Heyth, co. Lincoln, as they
lie and are
situate in the town and fields of Barkeston', to Robert Schepey of Staunford, guardian of the
almoner s (sic)
house there. Per me Willelmum Bawchon clericum antedictum propria manu Seal. Endorsed:
Bauchon 131.
1516 (8 Hen. VII.], 2 June. Grant and confirmation of Robert Scheppey alias Carter, guardian of
the almshouse
of Stamford. co. Lincoln, chaplain, Thomas Gelyan of Plungar, William Barooby of Barston, and
Robert Bekkett
of Barston, to Thomas Norton, kt., master of Burton Lazars (Burton sancti Lazari Jerosolimitani
in Anglia)',
Richard Sutton, esq., steward of Syon', Otiwel Ratclyff, gent., and Nicholas Hochenson,
instituted 8 June 1509
(Linc. Reg. xxiii. f. 265). 2See No. 124. ØSee No. 124. "The hospital of Burton Lazars, near
Melton Mowbray, was
an offshoot and member of the hospital of St Lazarus at Jerusalem. *The Bridgetine abbey of
Syon in
Middlesex. 
140 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Thomas Byrd of Burton Lazars, of a messuage
in Barkeston,
Bekyngham; the which the now in the tenure of said grantors lately had of the gift, grant, and
confirmation by
charter of William Bawchon of Talyngton, clerk, as appears by his charter, in fee simple'. To
hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty. Power of attorney to Henry Oweley and John Ketulby to deliver seisin
Witnesses
(endorsed): Thomas Jelyan of Plungar; John Bekyngham, Robert Bekett, Thomas Reste, John
Trawforthe. John
Smythe, Robert Grokoke, Robert. Kaye, John Kay. Hugh Reste, of Barston. Four seals (one blob
of wax).
Endorsed: Barston. 132. 1517 [9 Hen. VIII.]. 20 Dec. Barkeston. Grant and confirmation with
release and
quitclaim by John Barrowbe of Barkestone, son and heir of Robert Barowbe, late of Baikestone
in le Wall',
deceased, to William Baker of Belvoir. of a toft and a barn with a garden in the town of
Barkestone; the which
lie between the land of Robert Smyth of Barkestone on W. and that of Robert Yeff on E. and abut
to S. on the
land of John Barrowbe, and to N. on the common way. Warranty. Witnesses: William Kerchauer,
John
Growkott, Robert Smyth, of Barkeston. Fragment of seal. 133. Same date. Acknowledgment of
bond by John
Barrowbe of Barkeston, howbondman (sic), son and heir o Robert Barrowbe, late of Barkeston,
howsbondman,
te William Baker of Belvoir, in ú10, payable at the feast of the Annunciation next. Condition :
the said John shall
truly and duly warrant and keep the bargain and sale of, in and upon a house and barn from the
north side of
the house to the south end of the barn, made to the said William, which by descent after the death
of Robert
Barrowbe, his said father, should immediatel! or mediately or otherwise revert and remain to the
said John
and that the said John has made no alienation, mortgage estate or incumbrance of his lands
aforesaid lying in
the towi of Barkeston before the day of the making of these presents See No. 129. 21.e. the vale
(of Belvoir). 
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 141 nor hereafter shall make or cause to be made by his will,
procuring, or assent;
and the said John shall, at the reasonable request of the said William, be ready to acknowledge
before a judge
having authority or in a court of record the said land to be the said William's or his assigns',
according as the
law will, by fine, recovery, or otherwise, as it shall be thought lawful and expedient; and the said
John shall
warrant to the said William, etc., all the premises. 134. 1518-9 [10 Hen. VIII.], 18 March. Grant
and
confirmation by John Barrabee of Barston, husbandman, and Agnes his wife, for the sum of ú7
13s. 4d. paid in
hand, to John Ekeson of Redmyld, of the messuage wherein the grantors dwell, with all and
several their lands
in the fields and towns of Barston and Plungarth'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Two
seals. 135.
1519 (11 Hen. VIII.), 18 July. Grant and confirmation by John Ekeson of Redmyld in le Wall to
William Baker of
Beuer', of a messuage lying in Barkyston, with all the lands, etc., thereto appertaining in the town
and fields of
Barkyston and Plungarth. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Release and quitclaim. Warranty. Small
seal. 136. 1520
[12 Hen. VIII.], 8 July. Indenture (English) of bargain and sale between sir Thomas Norton, kt.,
master of Burton
saynt Lazar, of the one part, and William Wigston the younger of Leycestre, merchant of the
staple at Calis, of
the other of all his messe, with the lands, etc., appertaining, in the town and fields of Barston,
whereof the said
sir Thomas or any other person or persons to his use be possessed or seised of the day of making
hereof; the
which mes' and lands the said sir Thomas late had and purchased of one sir Robert Scheppey,
priest, of
Stamforde, co. Lincoln'. Estate to be made by Michaelmas. The said William promised to pay
ê10. of which the
said sir Thomas makes acknowledgment and quittance. Per me Thomam Norton. Seal gone. See
No. 115 for
four selions acquired by Robert Barouby, the father of the present grantor. 2Belvoir. "See No.
131. 
 142 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 137. 1520 (12 Hen. VIII.], 12 July. Grant and
confirmation by Thomas
Norton, kt., master of Burton St Lazarus of Jerusalem in England, to William Wigston, jun., of
Leycester,
Thomas Wigston, clerk, John Myddulton of Meylton', and Robert Clercke, of Croxton, of a
messuage in
Barkeston, the which the said grantor lately had of the gift, grant, and confirmation by charter of
Robert
Scheppey alias Carter, chaplain, in co. Lincoln [sic), Thomas Jelian of Plungar, William Barroby
of Barkeston, and
Robert Beket of the same. as appears by their charter'. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the need
and use of
the said William Wigston. Warranty. Power of attorney to Robert Ashwell and Thomas Dawkyns
to deliver
seisin. No witnesses. Seal. 138. 1520 [12 Hen. VIII.], 16 July. Release and quit-claim by Richard
Sutton, esq.,
Otewel Ratclyff, and Thomas Birde of Burton St Lazarus, to William Wigston, jun., master
Thomas Wigston,
clerk, John Myddulton of Meylton, and Robert Clerke of Croxton, of all their right in a messuage
situate in the
town of Barston in le Vale de Bever, which the said Richard, Otewel and Thomas, together with
Thomas
Norton, master of Burton St Lazarus, lately had of the gift and feoffment of Robert Scheppey
alias Cartar,
Thomas Jelian, William Barrobye and Robert Beket, as appears by their charters Three seals :
two on one tag.
139. 1524 116 Hen. VIII.], 27 June. Acknowledgment o bond by Richard (? Robert) Baraby of
London, vyntener,
anc John Grocok of Barston, husbondman, to William Baker o Beever, yoman, in ú10. payable at
the Nativity of
St Johi Carkeke'. Baptist next. Two seals. Condition (endorsed): the said Richard and John shal
pay to the said
William ú5, viz. ú3 at the Nativity of St Joh Baptist next, and 40 s at the Nativity of St. John next
after. 140. 1524
[16 Hen. VIII.], 3 July. Grant and confirmatio by Robert Baraby of London, vyntener, son and
heir c Melton
Mowbray. 2See No. 131. *Surname of notary. 
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 43 William Baraby, late of Barston, deceased, to James Styrley.
vyntener, and
Bartholomew Moger, haberdassher, citizens of London, of all and several his lands, tenements
and
hereditaments in the towns, fields and parishes of Barston and Plungar, which were late of the
said William his
father, or of any other person or persons to his use. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty No
witnesses.
Fragment of seal. 141. Same date. Letters of attorney of Robert Baraby of London, vyntener,
kinsman and heir
of John Baraby, late of Barston, deceased, empowering his master James Strilley. citizen and
vintner of London,
to receive and keep from William Baker of Bever, co. Lincoln, yoman, possession and seisin of
that tenement
and cottage, with certain lands appertaining. in Barston, which were late of the said John',
according to the
force, etc. of a grant made to the said Robert by the said William. Carkeke. Seal (simple queue)
and tie. 142.
1525 [17 Hen. VIII.), 4 July. Grant and confirmation by James Stirley, citizen and vintner of
London, for the sum
of ú12 paid in hand by one William Wigston, jun., of Leceistre, merchant of the staple of the
town of Cales.
whereof the said James acknowledges himself to be well and faithfully content and satisfied, to
the said
William, Thomas Wigston, clerk, and Robert Clerk of Croxton, yoman, of all and sundry his
lands, tenements
and hereditaments in the towns and fields of Barston and Plungar; which lately were of William
Barabi, late of
Barston, deceased, and which the said James and one Bartholomew Moger, citizen and
haberdassher of
London, lately had to the use of the same James, his heirs and assigns, of the gift, grant and
confirmation by
charter of Robert Barabi of London, vyntener, son and heir of the said William Baraby, as
appears by charter of
3 July, 16 Hen. VIII.* To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the use of the same William Wigston,
his heirs and
assigns. Warranty. Power of attorney to Thomas Dawkyns and Richard Fynye to deliver seisin.
Per me James
Strylley. Seal. 'Sce No. 132. *See No. 140. 
144 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 143. 1525 [17 Hen. VIII.], 31 July. Leicestre.
Release and quitclaim by
William Baker of Bever, yoman, to William Wigston, jun., Thomas Wigston, clerk, and Robert
Clerke of Croxton,
yoman, and their heirs and assigns, to the use of the said William Wigston and his assigns, of all
his right in all
and sundry those lands, tenements and hereditaments in the towns, parishes and fields of Berston
and
Plungar; the which the said William, Thomas and Robert lately held of the gift. grant and
confirmation by
charter of James Stirley, vyntener, of London, and Bartholomew Moger, haburdassher. Part of
seal. 144. 1525
[17 Hen. VIII.), 20 August. Release and quitclaim by James Styrley, vyntener, and Bartholomew
Moger,
haberdassher, citizens of London, to William Wygston, jun., Thomas Wygston, clerk, and Robert
Clerk of
Croxton, yoman. to the use of the same William Wygston, his heirs and assigns, of all their right,
etc., in the
lands, etc., as granted by the said James and Bartholomew by their charter of 4 July, 17 Hen.
VIII." Warranty.
Per me James Strylley. Two seals. 145. 1525 [17 Hen. VIII.), 8 Oct. Leycestre. Grant anc
confirmation by William
Wigston, jun., of Leycestre merchant, etc., to master Thomas Wigston, clerk, Roge Wigston,
Richard Reynold,
William Gillott, clerk, Rober Harwar, Edward Beyr, John Westas, Roger Gillott, Nicola
Reynolde, Ranulph Wood,
Thomas Hynde, Robert Davye and Robert Clercke of Croxton, ol all and sundry his lands
tenements and
hereditaments in the towns and fields o Barston and Plungar, which the said grantor lately
purchase of the gift
and feoffment of James Styrley, citizen and vintne of London. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to
the nee and
use of sir William Fyshar and sir Richard Walshe chaplains of the said grantors hospital in
Leycestre, and the
poor folk of the same, and their successors, for the terr of sixty years, with reversion to the need
and use of
the sai grantor and his assigns, to perform and execute his last w No. 142. 
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 145 and free disposition. Warranty. Power of attorney to Richard
Fynye and Thomas
Dawkyns to deliver seisin. Seal. Endorsed: (1) Styrley. (2) In later hand: Barston et Plungar. 146.
Same date.
Grant and confirmation by William Wygston of Leicester, jun., merchant, etc., to Thomas
Wygston, clerk, Roger
Wygston, esq., Richard Reynolde, William Gyllot, cleik, Robert Harwar, Edward Beyre. John
Westes, Roger
Gyllot, Nicolas Reynolde, Randulph Wood, Robert Davye, Thomas Hynde, John Gye and
Richard Gye of
Radmell, of all and sundry those lands, etc. [as in the foregoing deed). To hold of the chief lords,
etc., to the
need and use of the said William Wygston and to the fulfilment of his last will. Warranty. Power
of attorney Jas
in foregoing). Per me William Wygston Juniorem Leycestrie manu propria. Seal. Endorsed in
later hand:
Barston et Plungar. 147. 1525 (17 Hen. VIII.), 8 Nov. Leycester. Release and quitclaim by
Thomas Wigston,
clerk, and Robert Clercke of Croxton, at the instance of William Wigston, jun., of Leycester, to
Roger Wigston,
Richard Reynold, Robert Harwar, Edward Beyr, John Westas, Roger Gillot, Nicolas Reynold,
Ranulph Wood,
Thomas Hynd and Robert Dauye, of all their right in all the lands, etc., in the towns and fields of
Barston and
Plungar, which the said Thomas and Robert lately had, together with the said William Wigston,
of the gift and
feoffment of James Styrley, citizen and vintner of London. Two seals Endorsed : Relaxacio de
terris Styrley. 148.
1526 [18 Hen. VIII.], 24 November. Bond by Richard Hunton of Sybesdon, co. Leicester, gent.,
to William
Wigston of Leycestre, jun., merchant of the staple of Calais, in ú50, payable at Christmas. 
146 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Condition (endorsed): the fulfilment of the
terms of a pair of
indentures of the above date, for the sale of certain lands and tenements in Barston to the value of
seven
nobles. No seal. 149. Same date. Bond by the same to the same in ú60. payable on the feast of the
Purification
of B.V.M. Condition (endorsed): the fulfilment of the terms of a pair of indentures of the same
date,
concerning lands and tenements in Barston, Redmylde, Bottesford and Esthorp. Seal. III.
BOTTESFORD AND
REDMILE. 150. N.d.* Grant by Alexander de Vilers to Willian of Barkeston, for his homage and
service, of two
bovates o land in the territory of Botlisford and of Normanton', whicl Willam de Aubeny gave to
the grantor,
for his homage an service, with the toft and croft and with all its appurtenance within the town
and without.
To hold and have to him an to his heirs or assigns of the grantor and his heirs in fee an heritage,
freely and
quit, in wood and plain, in meadows an pastures and commons and all easements and liberties, an
all other
appurtenances named and not named; renderir therefor yearly to the grantor and his heirs a penny
Christmas
for all service, save foreign service of the kin as much as appertains to the fortieth part of a
knight s fe
Warranty. Witnesses: Robert, abbot of Rufford', Girard de Fan curt, Robert of Colest , Gervase
of Vuetorp',
Walter Stant". Ralph son of Robert of Colest', Richard of the sar town, William son of Ralph of
Herdeby"
Gervase of Wiuirt Seal gone. This charter may be dated early in the thirteenth century. See a chal
of one of the
witnesses, Gerard de Fanecurt, in Belvoir MSS. (Hist. M Comm.) iv. 71, to which William de
Barkestun is a
witness. William Aubeny is William de Albini the third, who died in 1237. *ln the pa of
Bottesford. *The name
of this Robert has not hitherto been notec lists of the abbots of Rufford. "l.e., Coleston, viz.,
Colston Bassett, N.
Owthorpe, Notts., the parish adjoining Colston Bassett to the W. *Staur in the Vale, Notts.
Harby. *Wiverton,
Notts., 2 miles S. of Bingham 
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 147 151. N.d. (Part of a charter.)' Grant by Agnes Dune,
daughter of Robert of
Mendham, to Hugh ela. her sister's son, of a toft in the town of Bottelisford which her father held
and whereof
she was seised This toft she has granted to him to hold of her and her heirs, etc., in fee and
inheritance, free
and quit of all demand to her and her heirs appertaining, saving the service of sir William de
Albanyaco. to wit.
12d. [payable at four terms in the year, to wit.] at Michaelmas 3d. at Easter 3d., at Christmas 3d.,
and at the
Nativity of St John Baptist 3d. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas of Wimb', Roger of Hottot. John of
Saxendale,
Thomas of Newerc. William Henry son of Peter, John of Stodham. Seal gone. 151A. Another
copy, also partial.
152. N.d." Grant by William Jogyl of Botelisford to William Jogyl, his first-born son, of a selion
lying in the field
of Botelisford at Longhouberehye, between the land of Robert of Huntedon' on N., and that of
Alice Garlon on
S., with one head abutting upon Kastelgate. To hold of the chief lords, etc., as appertains to a
tenement of such
a size. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas of Hotot, Robert of Hontedon. Ralph of Hottot. William of
Stokys, Thomas
of Wotton, all of Botelisford. Seal. 153. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Robert Jugil of
Botlisford to William
Jugil of Botlisford his brother, of a selion of arable land in the west field of Botlisford, lying
upon Clayholm
furlong. between the land of Thomas of Hottot and that of Robert of Huntedone, and abutting
upon the
headland of Thomas of Hottot. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William son
of John of
Winebis of Botlisford, Thomas son of Warin, Robert of Stok, John of Hottot. Robert of
Sauxindal, of the same.
Seal gone. Early 13th cent. A charter of John of Saxendale, the witnesses to which include
Thomas of
Wimblissc). Roger of Hotolt), and Henry son of Peter (Belvoir MSS. IV., 17), is dated by J. H.
Round between
1224 and 1233. 2After 1290. "See note on No. 99. 
148 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 154. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Thomas of
Wotton. dwelling in
Botlisford, to sir Alan of Botlisford, chaplain', of four selions of arable land in the field of
Botlisford, whereof
one selion lies in le Sondes upon the furlong called Hardhilles, between the land of Robert of
Huntedon and
that of Thomas Begger, and one selion in le Sondes between the headland of Henry Cook and the
selion of the
said Henry, and one selion in le Benlandes between the land of William of Wynebis and that of
Ralph of Hottot,
and one selion in Lauton between the land of William of Stokes and that of William Maynard. To
hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses. Thomas of Hottot in Botlisford, Robert of Huntedon in the
same, Robert
of Hottot in the same, William of Stoke in the same, William of Wynebis in the same. Seal gone.
155. N.d.
Grant by Thomas of Woton to sir Alan of Botlisford, of a selion of arable land, lying in le
Westsondes between
the headland of Henry Cook and the selion of the same Henry. To hold of dame lsabel de Ros' to
the said sir
Alan, his heirs and assigns, to whomsoever or whensoever in prosperity or in sickness he will
give, sell,
bequeath or assign, freely, quit, peacefully, entirely, by right and inheritance, rendering therefor
yearly a
peppercorn at Easter for all seculai services, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas of Hotot of
Botlisford, Robert ol
Huntedon of the same, Ralph of Hotot of the same, Willian of Stok of the same, William of
Wynebys of the
same Thomas son of William Warin, John Payn, William Lucas. Seal gone. 156. N.d. Grant,
confirmation and
quit-claim by Ralp Bacun of Botlisford to John of Stakedern', son of Hugh Stakederne, of all his
right in a plot
with the houses founde thereupon, which the said Ralph has of the gift of sir Robe Bacun his
brother by
charter; the which place lies next th road called le Grene and abuts upon the toft of Alan Pres
Witnesses:
William of Wyndon", Thomas Warin, Robe Called Alan Prest (i.c., the priest) in No. 156.
'lsabel, daughter
William de Albini, and wife of sir Robert de Ros of Hamlake. Stathel *? Wynbisse. 
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 149 of Stok. Ralph of Hoctot. Roger Wade. Robert of
Huntedon. John of Saxindal.
Seal gone. 157. 1295-6. 8 Jan. (Sunday ajter the Epiphany, 24 Edw. I.]. Botlisford. Grant by
William Bost of
Botlisford to John le Taylur and Joan his wife, of two selions of arable land lying in the fields of
Botlisford,
whereof one lies upon le Longcliff between the land of Henry le Qu and that of Ralph
Abouetheton, and the
other lies in til Sti" between the land of Henry le Qu and that sometime of John of Binigton. To
hold of the chief
lords, etc., freely, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas of Hottot of Botlisford, Ralph of Hottot.
William of
Winebisse, John Payn, John of Saxindale, Robert of Huntedon, Roger of Muston, clerk. Seal
gone. 158. 1296. 30
September [Sunday after Michaelmas, 24 Edw. I.] Botlisford. Grant and confirmation by Agnes
Worchipe,
daughter of Hugh Worchipe of Botlisford, in her proper widowhood, to Henry, son of William le
Permeter of
Botlisford, and Cecily his wife, of a moiety of her toft in the town of Botlisford, lying in length
and breadth
between the toft of Roger Snove and the said Agnes part of the same toft. abutting upon the toft
sometime Jof
Thomas) Beghere. To hold of the chief lords, etc., rendering to them 12d. yearly rent at four
terms. viz. at
Michaelmas 3d., at Christmas 3d., at Easter 3d., and St John Baptist 3d. for all manner of
services. Warranty.
Witnesses: William of Wymbisse of Botlisford, Ralph of Hotot. Thomas of Hotot. John of
Saxindale, Roger
Wade. Thomas Warin, Henry le Qu, of the same. Seal gone. 159. 1296-7, 12 March (St. Gregory,
25 Edw. I.]
Botlisford. Grant and confirmation by Philip son of William, dwelling in Botlisford, to John of
Graham, tailor
(cissor) and Joan his wife' and their heirs, of two selions of arable land lying 1.e., the land
abutted upon the
foot-path. 2John of Graham (Grantham) and his wife Joan may be identified with John le Taylur
and Joan of No.
157. See No. 161. 
 150 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS together upon le Brendlandis in the east field of
Botlisford, even as
they lie in length and breadth between the land of Thomas of Hottot and that of William
Chaueney, abutting
upon the headland of Ralph of Huntidon. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses:
William
Wynebis, Thomas Warin, Robert of Stok. Ralph of Hottot. John Payn. John of Saxindale. Seal
gone. 160. 1296-7,
13 March [Morrow of St. Gregory, 25 Edw. 1). Botlisford. Grant by William Jogil, dwelling in
Botlisford, to
Robert his son, of a selion of arable land in the west field of Botlisford, lying upon
Clayholmfurlong between
the land of Thomas of Hottot and that of Robert of Huntedon, and abutting upon the headland of
Thomas of
Hoctot'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William of Wynebis. Thomas
Warin, Robert of
Stok, Ralph of Hottot. John of Saxindale, Henry le Cu. Seal gone. Endorsed: clayholmforlong.
161. 1298. 28 May
(Wed. in Pentecost, 26 Edw. l.) Botlisford. Grant and confirmation by Richard, called Marshal
(Marescallus),
dwelling in Botlisford, to John of Graham, tailor in the same, and Joan his wife, of a selion of
arable land in the
west field of Botlisford, lying upon Twelf acres between the land of Thomas of Hoctot and that o
Henry le Keu,
and abutting upon Redemyldgate. To holof the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William of
Wynebys.
Thomas of Hoctot Robert of Huntedon. Ralph of Hoctot. Thomas Warin. Johi of Saxindale. 162.
1298-9, 12 Feb.
(Thursday after St Agatha the virgin 27 Edw. I). Grant by Henry, called Le Cu. dwelling i
Botlisford, to John of
Graham, tailor in the same, and Joa his wife, of two selions of arable land in the west field
Botlisford, lying
together in the place called Mannesheuec even as they lie in length and breadth between the land
Stephen
Peuerel on N., and that which was of Thome See No. 153. 
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 151 Bardolf on S., and abut upon the tillage (cultura) of Philip
son of William. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William of Wynebis, Thomas Warin, Robert of
Stok. Ralph of
Hoctot, Robert of Huntidon, Roger Wade, John of Saxindale. Seal. 163. 1305. 6 June
(Whitsunday, 33 Edw. I.].
Botelesford. Grant by Hugh son of Walter son of Ralph son of Gilbert of Botelesford, to Robert
his son of the
same, of a plot in the town of Botelesford, lying in Westorp, with a house there founded and with
the trees
there growing: the which plot contains in itself in length 64 feet, and in breadth 28 feet. To have
and hold the
said plot, etc., lying between the plot of William Soty and the plot which Thomas Blokeuile
sometime held, of
the chief lord, etc., rendering to the chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William of Wynebys,
Ralph of Hotoft.
Robert of Stok. Thomas son of Thomas Waryn, Philip son of William of Botelesford. Seal gone.
164. 1324. 23
September [Sunday ajter St Matthew, 18 Edw. II.] Bott'. Release and quitclaim by Henry, son of
Ralph the
tailor, dwelling in Bottillesford, to Robert Hotheuid. of the whole partition wall of his grange
towards the said
Henry's place with le Euisdrop' to this, as it appears, appertaining Jalong) the length of the house.
Grant also of
the whole partition wall along the breadth of the said Robert's house, which William the smith
holds of Robert,
with quitclaim. Witnesses: John of Wyneb', Stephen of Hole, Thomas Waryn. Seal gone : simple
queue. 165.
1325, 6 June (Thursday bejore St Barnabas, 18 Edw. II.) Bott'. Grant and confirmation by Philip
son of William,
dwelling in Botilesford, to William Jogel of the same, of a selion of his arable land lying in the
west field of
Botilesford, between the land of William of Loudaham and that of John, 1.e., the
eaves-droppings (stillicidia). 
152 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS son of John of Wyneb', and abutting at one
head upon Wynterbeck.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John of Wyneb', Robert of Stok, John of
Hotoft, Robert Cu.
Thomas Waryn. Seal. 166. 1333. 13 June (Sunday ajter St Barnabas, 7 Edw. III.]. Botellesford.
Grant by John son
of Hugh son of Roger of Stadyrne' to William le Cuper of Botellesford and Isabel his wife, and
the heirs and
assigns of the said William, of a messuage in Botellesford next the messuage of the chantry of St
Mary of
Botellesford on S., and abutting upon le Grene towards E., which the said John had of the gift
and feoffment of
sir Robert Bacun, chaplain. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William of
Winebys. William of
Beuuer, John Hotot, Robert le Cu. Walter Payn. 167. 1333. 29 September [Michaelmas, 7 Edw.
III.) Botelisford.
Demise, grant and delivery by lsabel, Joan. Agnes, and Alice, daughters of Thomas Warin of
Botelisford to
Gilbert of Wellinghover, dwelling in Botelisford, of a selion of arable land lying upon the hill
next the land of
the prior of Beauuer, and abutting upon Redmildgate in the fields ol Botelisford. To hold to the
said Gilbert, his
heirs and assigns for thirteen years from Michaelmas, 7 Edward III., renderin, therefor yearly a
rose at the
Nativity of St John Baptist fo all demands. Warranty. Witnesses: John le Hotto, William of
Beauuer, Walte Payn,
Richard Waryn of Botelisford. Seal gone. 168. 1337.2 October [Thursday after Michaelmas, II
Edu III.)
Botelisford. Demise, grant and delivery by Thomas son of Thomas Waryn of Botelisford, to
Gilbert of Wellen
gouer, dwelling in Botelisford, of a headland of arable lan lying upon Sandhill next the land of
William Hem in
the fielc of Botelisford. To hold to the said Gilbert for his whol life, rendering yearly, for the first
twelve years, a
rose at tr Nativity of St John Baptist for all demands, and thereafte Stathern. See No. 156. 
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 153 three shillings silver yearly at the said feast. And, if it
happen that the said
Gilbert die before the end of the said twelve years, his assigns shall hold the said headland, by
service of a rose
at the said feast, until the completion of the said twelve years. Warranty. Witnesses: William of
Beauuer, John
of Hotto. Walter Payn. Robert of Stok, Robert Cu, Robert le Taillyour of Botelisford. Seal gone.
169. [1338.]
Grant and demise for a term by Robert Philipe, dwelling in Bottillisforde, to John, son of
William Cuper of the
same, of a frush of pasture, lying between the frush of John Lusot and that of William Ludam,
and abutting
upon le Brodegates. To hold to the said John and his heirs for the term of twelve years, beginning
at Easter
1338. Warranty. Witnesses: William of Wyneb', John of Hottoft. Robert of Stoke. 170. 1340. 1
Oct. [Sunday
after St Michael, 14 Edward III.). Botelisford. Grant and delivery of Gilbert of Wellinghouer of
Botlisford to
William son of William of Beauuer of Botelisford, of a headland of arable land, lying upon
Sandhill next the land
of William Hem in the fields of Botelisford'. To hold to the said William for the life of the
grantor, rendering
therefor for the first nine years after the date of the presents a rose yearly at the feast of the
Nativity of St
John Baptist. and thereafter three silver shillings for all demands. It the grantor die before the end
of the nine
years aforesaid, the said William or his assigns shall hold the premises until the said nine years
are completed,
rendering a rose yearly at the said term. Warranty. Witnesses: John of Hotoft, Walter Payn,
Robert of Stok.
Robert le Cu, Robert le Taillior of Botelisford. Seal gone. 171. 1341, 18 Nov. [Sunday after St
Martin in the
winter, 15 Edw. III.] Botelisford. Demise, grant, and delivery by William of Hotoft of Botelisford
the elder to
William his son, See No. 168. 
 154 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS of five selions of arable land lying divided in
the fields of Botelisford,
whereof two selions lie together upon Wronglandes, next the land sometime of Philip of
Huntedon of
Botelisford, and abut upon Godwynhedlande, and three selions lie together upon
Schortwronglandes, next the
land which the grantor gave to Isabel his daughter for the term of her life, and abut upon the
headland
sometime of William of Huntedon of Botelisford. To hold, etc., of the grantor for the term of his
(the grantor's)
life, rendering to him yearly a peppercorn at Christmas for all service. Warranty. Witnesses:
Walter Payn. John
of Hotoft the younger William of Beauuer, Robert le Taillior, Richard Chaufni o Botelisford. No
seal. 172. 1342.
2 June (Sunday ajter Trinity, 16 Edw. III. Botullesford. Grant by William son of Thomas Hotoftc
Botullesford to
John son of William Cuper of the same, seven selions in divers places lying in the field of
Botullesford
containing half a bovate of land with the common pastur appertaining to half a bovate, to wit,
two selions lyin
together upon Wrongland next the land sometime of Willian of Huntedun, and abutting upon
Godwinhedland,
and thre selions lying together upon Scortwrongland, next the lan which the grantor gave to
Isabel his
daughter, and abuttin upon the headland sometime of William of Huntedun Botullesford, and two
selions lying
together upon Mikulmerl next the land of Ralph of Filingle and the land of ThomTaylur, and
abutting upon
Godwinbarns'. To hold of tl chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William of Winbych, Robert
Stoke, Walt Payn.
John Bakun, Robert le Qu. all of Botullesford. Seal gone. 173. Same date. Botullesford.
Appointment by the sar
of William his son as his attorney to deliver seisin of t premises. Seal gone. The first five selions
are those
named in No. 171. 
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 155 174. 1342. 13 June (Thursday ajter St Barnabas, 16 Edw.
III.) Bottillesford.
Release and quitclaim by William Hotoft of Bottillesford to John, son of William Cuper of
Bottillesford, of all his
claim in seven selions (described as in No. 172; but for 'which the grantor gave to Isabel his
daughter, read
which William the father demised to Isabel, the sister of the said William Hotoft, for her whole
life, and omit
'the land of Thomas Taylur'). Warranty. Witnesses: William Winbych, Walter Payn. John
Hottow the younger,
Richard Chaufin, of Bottillesford. Seal gone. Endorsed : hic loquitur de vij selionibus. 175. 1347,
30 October
(Tuesday bejore All Saints, 21 Edward III.] Botelisford. Grant and confirmation by John
Chauenay of Botelisford
to John, son of William Couper of the same, of a selion of arable land lying in the west fields of
Botelisford
upon Longcliffe, between the land of Robert Huntedon on E. and that of William Prest on W.,
and abutting
upon the headland of William of Wynebich. To hold, as it lies in length and breadth, of the chief
lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: William of Beauuer, Walter Payn, John Bacon, Richard Chaufyn, of
Botelisford. Seal gone.
Endorsed : j s. longeliffe. 176. 1350, 23 May (Trinity, 24 Edw. III.] Bottellesford. Grant and
confirmation by
Roger Lucot' of Bottellesford to John Coupere of Bottellesford, of a plot of land in Bottellesford
called le
Pyngull, which lies between the messuage of Helias Taillour on N. and that of William
Aboueton, and abuts
upon le Grenlane. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Walter Payne, John
Boubank, chaplain,
John of Wymbis, William Stok, Roger Wad, of Bottellesford. Seal gone. Endorsed: Pyngull. 'Or
Lucoc. 
CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS  156 177. 1379 [2 Rich. II.], 21 April. Botelesford.
Release and quitclaim by
Margery, sometime the wife of Henry Olyue of Botelesford, to Robert son of John Couper of
Botelesford John
his brother, and John their father, of all actions and appeals against them by reason of the slaying
of the saic
Henry, sometime her husband. Seal. 178. 1383-4, 13 January (Wed. Octaves of Epiphany, Rich.
II.]
Bottellesford. Grant and confirmation by Johi Couper of Bottellesford to sir Richard his son,
chaplain, of a his
lands and tenements in Bottellesford and Normanton. hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Roger
Waad, William of Stok, Robert Stol William Dey, Roger Mareschall, John Aswell, John Alayn
of Bottellesford.
Seal. 179. 1398, 19 November (Tuesday ajter the Translation St Hugh the Conjessor, 22 Rich.
II.] Botelesford.
Grant ar confirmation by Thomas Couper, chaplain, son of Jol Couper of Botelesford, to Robert,
son of John
Couper brother of Botelesford, of a plot of land in Botelesford callle Pyngull; the which lies
between the
messuage of Hely Taillour on N. and that of William Abouton on S. and abu upon le Grenlane'.
To hold of the
chief lords, etc., renderi therefor yearly to the chaplain celebrating the mass of B.V. daily for ever
in the church
of Botelesford, to wit, at the all constructed in honour of St Mary and St John the Evangel on the
S. side of the
same church, a halfpenny at Christme Warranty. Witnesses: sir John Bruke, Richard son of
Hamun William
Horne, Robert Cooke, Thomas Staderne, Botelesford. Part of seal. 180. 1404, 29 June (Sunday,
St Peter and St
Paul, 5 Ho IV.] Bottesford. Grant by Thomas Couper of Bottesto chaplain, to Robert son of John
Couper, his
brother, of t selions of arable land in the west field of Bottesford, ly See No. 176. 
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 157 together in the place called Manneshed, between the land
of Stephen Peurell
on N. and the land which was of Thomas Wandelepe on S., and abutting upon the tillage of
Philip son of
William'; of a headland called Sandhilhedland'; a selion of land upon Longclyff, next the land of
Thomas Waryn,
abutting upon the headland of Robert Maynard; a selion of land lying against the Hill next the
land of William
Scaufyn, abutting upon the headland of the parson of Bottesford at the west head; a selion of land
against
Twelffacres, between the land of William of Wymbysch and that of Robert son of Philip; five
selions', whereof
two lie together upon Wrongland next the land sometime of Robert of Huntedon, abutting upon
Gudwynhedland, and three lie together upon Schortwrongland, abutting upon the headland
sometime of
William of Huntedon; two selions lying together upon Myculmarhill next the land of Ralph of
Fylingley and that
of Thomas Taylour, abutting upon Gudwynbarns; a selion lying in Westsands' between the
headland of Henry
Cook and the selion of the same Henry; a selion in le Sands upon the furlong called Hardhyll,
between the land
of Robert Huntedon and that of Thomas Begger; a selion lying in le Benlands between the land
of William
Wymbysch and that of Ralph of Hottot: a selion lying in Lawton between the land of William
Stoke and that of
William Maynard; a selion lying in Estsands, abutting at one head upon Wynterbek, and at the
other head upon
the headland of John Sturmyn, and lying next the land of William of Beuere; a selion at
Longhoubergh between
the land of Robert of Huntedon on N. and that of Alice Carlton on S."; a selion lying upon
Clayholmfurlong
between the land of Thomas of Hottot and of Robert of Huntedon, abutting upon the headland of
Thomas of
Hottot'; a selion lying in Clayholm between the land of Thomas Alayne and that of William
Jogull; a selion lying
upon Longclyff between the land of Henry le Ku and that of Ralph Aboutheton'; a selion lying 'in
tyll Sty'
between the land of William le Ku and that sometime of John of Bynington; a selion lying upon
Brandland next
the land of Thomas le Taylour; a selion lying upon Longclyff next the land of Thomas Alayne; a
selion lying upon
Manneshed next the land of William Randolff; a selion lying upon Clayholmfurlong between the
1See No. 162.
*Probably the headland of Nos. 168, 170. *See Nos. 171, 172. *See No. 172. *For this and the
next three
selions see No. 154. "See No. 152. 'See No. 153. "For this and the next selion see No. 157. 
158 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS land of Thomas of Hottot and that of Robert of
Huntedon, abutting
upon the headland of Thomas of Hottot'; a selion lying upon le Longclyff between the land of
William of
Huntedon and that of William Jogull; a selion lying in the east field between the land of William
Loudam and
thaf of John son of John of Wymbysch'; two selions lying together upon Brendland in the east
field between
the land of Thomas of Hottot and that of William Chaueney, abuttin upon the headland of Robert
of
Huntedon'; a selion lying in the west field upon Twelffacres between the land of Thoma of
Hottot and that of
Henry le Ku, abutting upon Redmyld gate'; a selion lying in the west field upon Setcopp betwee
the land of
Thomas Blewet and that sometime of Thoma Germyn, abutting at the west head upon the
headland of th
rector of the church; a selion in the west field upon le Lon clyff between the land of Robert
Huntedon on E. and
thi of William Preste on W., abutting upon the headland William of Wymbysch'; a selion
abutting in tyll' Stye
betwee the land of the prior of Beuere and that of Margar Monford; and a selion lying upon the
hill next the
land the prior of Beuere'. To hold of the chief lords, et Warranty'. Witnesses: Roger Wade,
William Stoke, John
Wyn bysch. Seal. 181. 1409, 11 November ISt Martin in the winter, II HeIV.) Botelesford. Grant
and
confirmation by Robert, son John Couper of Botelesford, to Henry of Syston of Botele ford and
Emma his wife,
of a plot of land in Botelestol called le Pyngull, lying between the messuage of Hell Taillour on
N. and that of
William Abouton on S., al abutting upon le Grenelane; the which plot the said Robhad of the gift
and feoffment
of Thomas Couper, chaplal son of the said John Couper, as by his charter dated Tuesdnext after
the feast of the
Translation of St Hugh t Confessor, 22 Rich. II., more fully appeareth [see No. 1. To hold of the
chief lords, etc.,
rendering therefor yearly the chaplain, etc. Jas in No. 1791. Further grant and conf See No. 160.
"See No. 165.
*See No. 159. "See No. 161. *See No. 'See No. 167. 'The total number of selions is 35, of which
23, as well a
headland, occur in previous charters. 
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 159 mation to the said Henry and Emma of twelve acres of
land and meadow,
lying severally in divers places in the fields of the town of Botelesford, as is manifestly contained
in a charter of
feoffment of the said Thomas, dated Sunday, the feast of the apostles Peter and Paul, 5 Hen. IV.
(see No. 180),
made to the said Robert. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Walter Chauncy.
William of
Dalby, John Burgeys. Robert Cooke, William Thurkell, all of the town of Botelesford. Seal
(broken). 182. Same
date. Botelesford. Indenture between Robert Couper of Botelesford and Agnes his wife, of the
one party, and
Henry of Syston and Emma his wife, of the other, witnessing that, whereas the said Henry and
Emma have
acquired from the said Robert and Agnes the reversion of a messuage in Botelesford and of
twelve acres of
land and meadow in the fields of the same town, as by charter fully appeareth, nevertheless, the
said
acquisition is under the following conditions : to wit, the said Henry and Emma grant, for
themselves and their
heirs, that the said Robert and Agnes shall have the premises, four selions thereof, specified
below, only
excepted, for their whole life in survivorship, fully and entirely, even as they had them
previously. doing to the
chief lords, etc., and maintaining and repairing them at their own costs during the said term. And
the said
Henry and Emma shall pay to the said Robert and Agnes. and to their heirs and executors, for the
said
reversion after their decease, 18 marks of silver, viz. six marks thereof incontinently in hand, six
marks at St
Martin in winter next following. 40s. at St Martin in winter the year after, and 40s. at St Martin
in winter the
year after that. And the said Henry and Emma shall plough or cause the said lands to be ploughed
at whatever
tillage is competent for the same, and in regular course (seriatim) with their own lands and in as
good a
manner as their own lands, even as they lie in the said fields. They shall also sow and harrow
them at their own
costs with the seed of the said Robert and Agnes and of the survivor, the which seed the said
Robert and Agnes
shall cause to be carried where it should be sown during the said term; four selions thereof, to
wit,
Sandhilheuedland, two selions lying 
160 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS together upon Wrongelandes, and one selion
against le Hi in the
place called les Twelfe acres, reserved in the covenar to the said Henry and Emma for their
proper use, onl
excepted. And, if it happen that a pair of millstones, noy situate in the said messuage, last beyond
the life of
the sai Robert and Agnes or of the survivor, they should remain t the said Henry and Emma for
ever. And the
said Robe and Agnes, or the survivor, may take, cut down and fe the trees growing in the said
messuage and its
appurtenance for the said time to their use and profit, without waste an destruction. In case of
fifteen days
arrears of payment of th said 18 marks at any term, the said Henry and Emma sha agree to pay to
the said
Robert and Agnes, their heirs executors, 20s. silver; or, if they fail in ploughing, sowing
harrowing in the form
above expressed, they shall pay 20 in the form abovesaid. Witnesses as in previous charter. Two
seals on
simple queue. Endorsed: Mem. that the writer of these indentures wi not instructed at their
making of the
following matter, to wi that the said Henry and Emma grant, for themselves, the heirs and
executors, that, if
the said Robert and Agnes di or after the death of the survivor, their executors shall hav
occupation of the said
messuage with its appurtenances for month immediately following the death of the said Robe and
Agnes or of
the survivor, to dispose and take orde concerning the goods of the said deceased, as they shall se
best to be
done in the meantime for the soul of the sadeceased. And likewise that the said executors, after th
said
decease, shall have the crop (vestura) of all the said lanc sown before the said decease, to dispose
thereof for
ti souls of the same Robert and Agnes as shall seem best them. 183. 1413, 31 Dec. (St Silvester, I
Hen. V).
Redmyl Grant by John Jouett of Redmyld to Henry Sythestone Botelisford, of two selions of
arable land lying
together ! Swythmare next the land of William Wyr on S., abuttin upon Prestegate in the fields of
Botelisford'.
To hold of th chief lords, etc., so that the said Henry shall pay fourpenThe two selions were in the
fields of
Redmile. 
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 161 yearly at Michaelmas to the fabric' of the church of
Botelisford. Warranty.
Witnesses: Nicholas Porter, William Roberd, jun., John Clerke, John Smyth, all of Redmyld.
Piece of seal. 184.
1420 (8 Hen. V). 25 May. Botelesford. Acknowledgment of bond by Roger Truke of Normanton
by Botelesford
to Henry of Syston of Botelesford, in 100s., payable at Botelesford at Michaelmas next.
Witnesses: William
Stoke, William Dalby, William of Eylston, John Marschall, John Burges. Seal. Condition
(endorsed): peaceable
possession by the said Henry and Emma (sic) of a messuage in the town of Botelesford, as by
charter made to
them. 185. 1423-21 Sept. [Tuesday, St Matthew the apostle, 2 Hen. VI.]. Beauver. Grant
(indented) by John
Barbour of Beauver and William Hertford of the same, to Thomas Barbour of Beauver, son of the
said John,
and Maud his wife, of four messuages in Beauver, of which three are situate together between the
common
way leading to the church and the tenement of John Wightman, and abut upon the green
(viretum) at one end,
and upon the tenement of the said William Hertford and that sometime of John Steynewath' at the
other; and
the fourth messuage is situate in the said street leading to the church, and is called Graueleplace'
between the
tenement of Roger Taylour and that of the lord of Beauver. and it abuts upon le Hallzerd towards
the N., and
upon the common way towards the S. Also of all the arable lands, meadows, leasowes, and
pastures in the
fields of Wolsthorp", Gnypton, Bottesford and Redmyld appertaining to the premises, except six
acres of arable
land even as they lie in the places written hereunder, to wit, in the field of Wolsthorp two selions
lying
together, containing two roods, in le Schortbreche', abutting upon the headland sometime of
Thomas
Andrewe at one end, and upon Steuenwong at the 1.e., the permanent fabric fund. Staynewagh in
the
unfinished copy (No. 1854). ØGraueley place. Wollsthorpp. *Wollsthorpp. Shortt breche. 
162 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS other; one selion, containing one rood, lying
upon le Scho greues',
and abutting upon Steuenwong at one end, and up the headland of John Wayte at the other;
another selilying
under the hill, containing one rood, and abutting up Wolsehedland' at one end, and upon le
Schiremere' at
other; another selion containing half an acre, and abutt upon le Blocrosse at one end, and upon
the land of Jo
Berechere at the other; another selion lying in Mikildale' a containing one rood, abutting upon the
water called
Dei at one end, and upon Bukkesthornegate at the other; in field of Redmyld two selions,
containing three
roods, ly together upon le Toftes; another selion containing one ro lying in the same place,
abutting upon le
Toftes at one e and upon le Priouregores' at the other; another selion c taining half an acre, lying
upon
Schepegate"; another se lying upon Cokhow', containing half an acre; another se containing a
rood and a half,
abutting upon le Westwong the prior at one end, and upon Redmyld' Saltbek at other; another
selion
containing half a rood, abutting u the headland of John Portar at one end, and upon le Southbe at
the other; in
the fields of Bottesford, one selion contair a rood upon Whiteclayes", abutting upon Saltbek at
one e and upon
the common way leading to Bottesford" at other; another selion containing three roods, lying in
the se furlong,
abutting upon Saltbek at one end, and u Hamsterley land at the other; and two selions contau
three roods,
lying in the same furlong, abutting u Thorwong at one end, and upon Middelwhiteclayes" at
other. To hold of
the chief lords, etc., to the same lhoi and Maud, and to the heirs of the body of Thomas lawf
begotten, with
reversion, in failure of such heirs, to the 1 and right heirs of the said John Barbour. Warranty".
Witnesses:
William Gaysegell. Robert Catour, Ro Reresby, Roger Taylour, John Wightman, of Beauver;
Talbone of
Wolsthorp. John Marschall of Bottesford. Small fragments of seals. 1854. Another copy,
incomplete : see
variations in f notes. Mekilldaile. *P. 'Short greues. 2Wollesehedland. *Schirmere. gores.
"Shepegate.
"Cokhowe. *Weste wong. Redemyld 1Sough Whyeclays. 1Botesford. Medilewhytcleys. T
property in four
messuages in Belvoir, six selions in Woolsthorpe, seven in Red and four in Bottesford. 
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 163 186. 1433. 15 December (Tuesday after St Lucy, V.M., 12
Hen. VI.] Bottesford.
Grant and confirmation by William Huntyngdon of Barkeston by Belvoir to Thomas of Gnypton
and John
Marschall of Bottesford, of a toft in Bottesford. and of all the lands and meadows in the fields of
Bottesford
which Thomas Syeston of Bottesford holds at farm of the said William; the which toft lies
between Hamsterley
place and le Kirkehous, and abuts upon the common way at one head, and which Thomas
Tuoftrees holds of
the said William at farm. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Seal. Witnesses: William
Stoke, Thomas
Syeston, William Pateman, William Schorneham, William Dynys, of Bottesford. 187. 1450. 31
August [St
German, bishop and confessor, 28 Hen. VI.]. Bottesford. Grant by John Couper of Couentre,
passonger', and
John Bowyer of the same, passonger, to John Clark of Denton, foreign bailiff of Belvoir, William
Wade of
Notyngham, mercer, and William Clarke of Bottesford. mercer, of a messuage and three acres of
arable land in
the town and fields of Bottesford, the which messuage lies in Westhorp in the said town of
Bottesford
between the land of Robert Sireston and that of the rector of Bottesford, in breadth and in length
as is fully set
forth according to the metes and boundaries there made. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses:
John Marschalle, Thomas Vincent, Richard Colston, Robert Braybroke, Robert Sireston. Two
seals. 188. 1451,
31 Dec. (St Silvester the pope, 30 Hen. VI) Botelesford. Grant by John Syston of Normanton
within the parish of
Botelesford to Robert Syston of Botelesford, his brother, of two selions of arable land lying
together in the
west field of Botelesford in le Swythmore, and abutting upon the land of Roger Wade on E., and
upon
Cokeswrogate on W., next the land of the lord de Roos on S., and that of Robert Willande on N.,
which the
grantor lately had of the gift and feoffment of Emma Syston his mother. To hold of the chief
lords, etc.,
rendering fourpence yearly at Michaelmas to the fabric of the church of Botelesford." Warranty,
The word
appears to mean ferryman. 2See No. 183. 
164 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: John Gassegell, Thomas Vyncent,
Johr Marschall, William
Chapman, Thomas Syston. Seal. 189. 1463. 9 June (Corpus Christi, 3 Edw. IV). Bottesford Grant
by William
Huntyngdon of Barston to ThomaHuntyngdon his son and his wife Elizabeth, in survivorship and
to their heirs
between them lawfully begotten, of cottage in Bottesford, together with eight selions of arable
land and three
roods of land passing beyond Preestgate, wit an acre of land lying in le Thakk, belonging to the
samcottage, in
the town and fields of Bottesford; the whic cottage lies between the land of the said William
Huntyng don now
in the tenure of John Buntyng, and the tenemen of the same William. And of the said selions,
four li together,
abutting upon Cawstongate at one end on E., anat the other end upon the land of the chantry of St
Peter
another, containing half an acre, abuts upon Wynturbek, anc lies next the lord's land and the land
of John
Gasgyll; one containing a rood upon Redeyerth, abuts upon Castelgate and lies between the land
of William
Stoke on E., and the lord's land on W.; another, containing three roods in l Hassokes, abuts upon
Mustonbek,
and lies between the lord land on both sides, and another upon Prestegate, containin three roods,
abuts upon
the land called Hampsterley on E To hold of the chief lords, etc., rendering yearly at Easte to the
grantor a
penny. Reversion, in default of lawful heirt to the grantor and his heirs. Warranty. Witnesses:
Robert Chaunsy,
William Clerk, both o Bottesford; Henry Caluerton of Suthwell; Nicholas Gerves John Grene,
both of Hardby.
Seal. 190. 1465 15 Edw. IV) 14 May. Beauuer. Grant an confirmation, in her pure widowhood,
by Maud, late
the wit of Thomas Barbur of Beauuer, to Thomas Barbur her son Alice his wife, Henry Rochefort
of Stooke,
esq., John Cook of the same. Richard Cade of the same, Richard Goodryk of Grantham, William
Basse, Richard
Carlylle, Henry Butle and the heirs of the bodies of the said Thomas and Alic between them
lawfully begotten,
of all her lands, tenement etc., in the towns and fields of Beauuer, Wolsthorp, Knyptor 
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 165 Redmyld, Botellesford and Stenwath, cos. Lincoln and
Leycestre. To hold of
the chief lords, etc., with remainder to the right heirs of the said Thomas Barbur, late husband of
the said
Maud. Warranty. Witnesses: John Bredon, John Cooke. William Oles, of Beauuer; John Grove,
John Denne, of
Vulsthorp; John Ardyrne, John Westemoreland, of Knypton; John Mowar, Richard Benne, of
Redmyld; William
Pateman, John Goose, of Botellesford. Seal gone. 191. 1481-2. 27 January [St Julian, bishop and
conjessor, 21
Edw. IV). Botilleford. Grant by Robert Sitheston ol Botilleford, husbondman, to Robert
Sitheston of the same,
his son, and his wife Margaret, of a messuage in Botillesford, with all arable lands, etc., in the
fields of
Botillford, apper taining to the said messuage. The said messuage is situate between the land of
the lord
chamburleyn on S., and a lane leading to the church on N., and abuts towards the E. upon the
land of the heirs
of John Bayly, sometime of Botillsford. deceased, and upon the king's way towards the W.; the
which
messuage the grantor had after the decease of Henry Sitheston his father. To hold of the chief
lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Chaunce, gentillman, Henry Browne, John Vincent. William
Worteley, Richard
Pateman. Piece of seal. 192. 1481-2, 10 Feb. (21 Edw. IV). Beauuer. Release and quitclaim by
Alice, late the
wife of Thomas Barbour, son of Thomas Barbour, sometime of Beauuer, and of Maud his wife,
William Basse,
Richard Carlyll, and Henry Butler. to William Barbour of Notyngham, of all their right and claim
in those lands,
tenements, etc. in the towns and fields of Beauuer, Wolsthorp, Knypton, Redmyld, Bottellesford,
and
Stenewath, cos. Lincoln and Leicester, which they lately had, together with Henry Rochefort,
esq., John Coke.
Richard Cade, and Richard Goderyke, of the gift and feostment of the said Maud, late the wife of
Thomas
Barbour, as by her charter more fully appears'. See No. 190. 
 166 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: Peter Wynwode, John Wyllimot.
Thomas Pallet, Thomas
Swyke, Henry Deane. One seal left. 193. 1482 (22 Edw. IV), 5 May. Botelford. Grant by
Margaret Clerk, alias
Bayle, of Croxton, daughter and heir of John Clerk, late of Denton, sometime foreign bailiff of
Belvoir, to
master John Greve of Grantham, sir Thomas Gasegyll, chaplain, of Botelford, William Smyth of
Croxton. and
John Vyncent of Estrop in the parish of Botelford, of a messuage and three acres of arable land in
the town anc
fields of Botelford; the which messuage lies in Westhorp in the town of Botelford between the
land of John
Sireston anc that of the rector of Botelford, in breadth and in length as it fully contained
according to the
metes and boundaries there made'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William
Thoms. John
Baker. Willian Dadsley, Piece of seal. 194. 1482. 7 August [Wednesday ajter St Peter's Chains,
22 Edw. IV).
Beauuer. Grant by William Barbour o Notyngham, son and heir of Thomas Barbour, late of
Beauuer to Robert
Ingoldesby. William Adcock, William Wace Henry Chyld, and Henry Porter, of all those lands
antenements, etc.,
in Beauuer, Wollesthorp, Barston, Gnypton Radmyld, Stenwayt, and Bottesford, which were
lately of th said
Thomas, the grantor's father, or of Maud, his mother To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses:
Ralph Talbon, of Bottesford; Thomas Butler John Caudwell, of Beauuer. Seal. 195. 1488 [3 Hen.
VII.], 18 May.
Bottelesford. Gran and delivery by John Greve of Roppesley, sir Thomas Gasgyl of Bottelesford,
William Smyth
alias Rayner of Croxton an John Vyncent of Estropp in the parish of Bottelesford, to Joh Draper
of Bottelesford,
William Dadesley of the same, Henr Mershall of the same, and John Broun of Normanton in th
same parish, of
a messuage in Vestropp in the parish See No. 187. "See Nos. 190, 192. 
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 167 Bottelesford, situate between the messuage of Robert
Syreston and that of
the rector of Bottelesford. To hold. with three acres of arable land, with all their meadows.
grazings and
pastures, of the chief lords, etc. The which messuage the said grantors had of the gift and
feoffment of
Margaret Clerk alias Bayle, daughter and heir of John Bayle alias Clerk'. Witnesses : sir Henry
Caton, chaplain,
William Sawnson, John Hynes, of Bottelesford; William Broun ot Normanton. Part of one seal.
196. Same date.
Acknowledgment of bond by Myles Haryson of Croxton, co. Leicestre, and Margaret Haryson of
the same to
John Draper of Bottelesford, in ú20, payable at the Nativity of St John Baptist next. Seals.
Condition (endorsed):
peaceable possession by the said John Draper of a messuage in Vestropp in the parish of
Bottelesford. 197.
1488-9, 17 Feb. [Tuesday after St Volantine (sic) the martyr, 4 Hen. VII). Beauuer. Demise and
delivery by
Robert Ingoldesby, William Adcok. William Wace. Henry Chyld, and Henry Porter, to Nicholas
Dymmok, clerk.
John Pykdon, and Richard Grene, of all those lands, tenements, etc., in Beauer, Wollesthorp,
Bottesford.
Radmyld, Gnypton. and Swynwayt, which of late were of William Barbour of Notyngham, son
and heir of
Thomas Barbour'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Appointment of Thomas Maykyn as attorney to
deliver seisin.
Witnesses: William Benne, Richard Porter, of Radmyld; John Polson. John Caudwell, of Beauer;
Thomas Roberd,
of Radmyld. Five seals. 198. 1490 [6 Hen. VII), 4 Oct. Acknowledgment of bond by Thomas
Foster of
Bottellesford, schomaker, to Richard Kelym of Alyngton, husbandman', in five marks, payable at
Easter next.
Piece of seal. 'See No. 193. 2See No. 194. *See the Allington deeds. 
168 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 199. 1491-2 17 Hen. VII), 21 Feb. Bottellesford
in le Vale. Indenture
(English) of lease by Rychard Laurance of Botellesford to John Draper of the same town, of 'a
naker of medow
and a halfe as hit lygges in the medowfeld of Botillesford aforsayd, the aker lygyng be twyxe the
hi medowe
and the fore medow, buttyng of the medowe of the priour and Couent of Beuer on the Northe
party, and o
medow of Mergery Bevyngton on the Sowthe party, and the halfe aker lygyng nere
Stykeswolddale, for
seventeen year from the feast of the Annunciation of our Lady next following. rendering a pepur
corne yearly
at Michaelmas. Warranty Witnesses: Henry Merschall, John Buntyng, Rober Flechowr, Thomas
Harstone, Herry
Inman, Thomas Foster Seal gone. Endorsed: Yff the forsayd John Drapar be interuppe be the
forsayd Rychard
or hys wyfe or any odyr of hys lenage then yt ys lefull that the forsayd John schall entur the place
of the
forsayd Rychard Duryng the terme le abovyn wryttyn 200. 1492-3 [8 Hen. VII). 2 Feb.
Botelesford. Grant b.
Henry Marshall of Botesford and Robert Stoke of the samto Robert Sytheston and Margaret his
wife, of a
messuag in Botelesford, with all lands, etc., appertaining to the same the which messuage is
situate between
the tenement of th lord of Botelesford on S., and a lane which leads to the church on N., and
abuts eastward
upon the tenement of the heirs of John Bayly, and upon the king's way westward' The which
messuage the
grantors, together with Rober Chauncy, now deceased, had of the gift and feoffment o Robert
Sytheston,
father of the said Robert. To hold of th chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Chauncy,
Robert Wyre, John
Smyth William Wurteley, John Vyncent, of Botelesford; Henr Brown of Normanton. One seal :
small piece of
another. 201. 1515 16 Hen. VIII), 10 April. Grant (indenture) by Richard Hunton', late of
Barston, to Thomas
Benyngton o Bottysford and John Piper of the same, of a close lying 1 Esthorp in the parish of
Bottysford,
called Hunton close See No. 191. 2.e., Huntyngdon, as in earlier deeds. 
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 169 To hold to the use of the said John Piper, his heirs and
assigns, for thirteen
years from Lady day next, rendering therefor to the grantor a penny yearly at Christmas, if it be
asked, for all
secular service, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Stephen Dalby of Muston; Thomas Vincent and
Thomas Sutton, of
Bottysford. Seal. 202. 1516 18 Henry VIII), 18 May. Indenture (English) of bargain and sale
between Richard
Honton of Othorp', co. Notingham, gentilman, otherwise called Richard Huntyngdon, son and
heir of Thomas
Huntyngdon, and William Wigston the younger, merchant of the staple of Cales, of all his
meases, lands,
tenements, etc., in Bottesford and Esthorp in the parish of Bottesford, otherwise called
Bottlesford, except
only a close in Esthorp, butting on the water and upon the high way, now in the tenure of John
Piper, and 24
acres of meadow in Bottesford, now in the holding of Thomas Asshewell, discharged of all
incumbrances save
chief rent. Estate to be made before the Nativity of St John Baptist. The said William undertakes
to pay ú70, of
which ú35 is paid in hand, and the residue will be paid immediately after fine, recovery, or
assurance made.
Seal. 203. Same date. Bond of the same Richard to the same William in ú100, to be paid on the
feast of St
Bartholomew next. Seal : simple queue. Endorsed with condition of bond, viz., that the said
Richard, his heirs
and assigns shall keep the covenants, etc., comprised in a pair of indentures bearing date las
above) the same
day and year. 204. 1516 (8 Henry VIIII, Octaves of St John Baptist. Final concord in the king's
court at
Westminster, made before Robert Rede, John Botiller, Richard Elyot, and Lewis Pollard.
justices, between
William Wigston, jun., merchant of the staple of Calais, Thomas Wigston, clerk, Roger Wigston,
and William
Fissher, clerk, plaintiffs, and Richard Honton. Owthorpe. 
170 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS otherwise called Richard Huntyngdon, and
Anne his wife deforciants,
concerning four messuages, five tofts, seve bovates of land, 20 acres of land, 24 acres of
meadow, 4 acres of
pasture, and two acres of wood in Botilsford. Th plaintiffs pay the deforciants for quitclaim, etc.,
120 mark of
silver. Endorsed: Leyc'. Inter Willelmum Wigston mercatorer Calisie et alios querentes. 2044.
Counterpart of
above, endorsed: Deliberat. pe proclamationem secundum formam Statuti. 205. 1516 18 Henry
VIII), 4 July.
Recovery by Willian Thomas, and Roger Wygston, and William Fyssher (e above), by William
Bolt, their
attorney, v. Richard Honto and Anne his wife (as above), by Thomas Waldram, thei attorney, of
four
messuages, five cottages, seven bovates c land, 120 acres of land, etc. (as in the final concord
above in
Bottesford and Esthorp. Tested by Robert Rede at Wes minster. Jenour. Seal. On tag: ex. N.B.
The number of
acres of land, given in the fin as 20, is given here and in the quitclaim following as 120. 206.
1516 18 Henry
VIII), 20 July. Release and quitclain by Richard Hunton (as before) to William Wygston and th
others (as before)
of his right in the premises, stated as 1 the recovery above. Seal. 207. 1516 (8 Henry VIII). 24
July. Receipt and
acquitti by Richard Honton, otherwise called Richard Hontyngdor gentilman, of ú35, paid by
William Wigston,
jun., may of the town of Calais, in full payment of the ú70 purchas money, as in the indenture
dated 18 May, 8
Henry VIII. Seal : single queue. 208. 1516 [8 Hen. VIII), 31 Oct. Grant by John Drape of
Botisford to William
Wygston, jun., of Leicester, merchal of the staple of Calais, masters Thomas Wygston and
Willial See No. 202. 
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 171 Fyshar, clerks, and Robert Clerke of Croxton Keryell, of a
messuage in
Westhorp in the parish of Botisford, situate between the messuage of Robert Syreston and that of
the rector
of Bottisford'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Appointment of Thomas Grey as
attorney to deliver
seisin. Per me Johannem Draper. Seal gone. Endorsed : Witnesses of delivery of possession.
William Smyth,
William Budon, Thomas Meye, Thomas Hynde, John Pyper, Roger Gillott, Richard Fynnye, with
many others
there present. 209. Same date. Indenture (English) of bargain and sale of the said messuage, with
three acres
of arable land, etc., between John Draper and William Wygston. Estate to be made before the
Nativity of St
John Baptist next. Evidences to be delivered before Easter next. William pays ú4 6s. 8d. Seal.
210. 1516 [8 Hen.
VIII). 10 Dec. Release and quitclaim by Henry Marshall of Botisford of all his right in the above
messuage, to
William Wygston and the other three Jas above. No. 208). Seal gone. 211. 1516 18 Hen. VIII),
31 October. Bond
by John Draper of Botesford to William Wygston, jun., merchant of the staple of Calais, in ú6
13s. 4d., payable
at Christmas. per me Johannem Draper Condition (endorsed): the fulfilment of the terms of
indentures of the
above date. Seal. 212. 1519 (11 Hen. VIII), 1 May. Indenture of lease by William Wigston of
Leycestre,
merchant of the staple of Calais, to John Piper of Bottysford, for the life of the said John, of a
close lying in
Esthorp in the parish of Bottysford, of late called Hunton Close', with exception of the wood See
No. 201. 
172 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS growing there, for the yearly rent of 13s. 4d.,
payable two terms in
the year. Right of reseisin and distraint a month's arrears after any of the said terms. Warrant
Witnesses:
Roger Wigston, Robert Clerke, Re Gillott. Seal. 213. 1522-3 [14 Henry VIII), 22 Jan. Grant by
Pateman of
Bedford, son and heir of John Pateman of same, to Robert Stucley, John Stucley, son of the said
Rob and Peter
Make, of all his messuages, lands, tenements, e in Battesford (sic) which of late were of his
father, and, a his
father s death descended to him by right of inheritar and which the said Robert now has
purchased from him.
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Memorandum endorsed of seisin given on the above in the
presence of
William Cob, bailiff of Battesford. Tho Vyncent, John Schentall, William Smythe, Roger Merscl
Robert Cutler.
Richard Hardall. John Calcroft, with m others, dwelling in the same town. Second endorsement
(in another
hand): Petur Make. 214. 1523 (15 Hen. VIII), 24 July. Grant by Ro Stuclay to Roger Marschall
and John Vyncent,
of all messuages, lands, tenements, etc., which he had lately, John Stuclay, his son. and Peter
Make, to the use
of the said Robert, and his heirs, of the gift and grant of Pateman of Bedford, son and heir of
John Pateman of
same, for a sum of money paid by the said Roger. lo of the chief lords, etc., to the use of the said
Roger and
heirs. Warranty. Endorsed: Wytnes John Schentall, Roger Denys, lho Dadyslay, Johan Wyre,
John Calcroft,
Henry Denys. Seal. 215. The Rentall of Bottysford, Esthorpe, Bars Radmeyll, Wykham, Foston,
Beyuer,
Harlaston and Alin made in the zere of our lord xvexxiiij. 
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 173 Bottysford. Item in the hold of Thomas Vincent ij oxgongs
land with a lytle
close xvj s. John Piper a close xiij s. iiij d. Thomas Hynd a howse and close xv s. Robert
Sharp for a
howse iiij s. sir Thomas Huytt prest a howse ij s. Antonye Calyon a howse vj s. viij d.
Thomas mary a
howse v s. John Harston a howse ix s. Henry Pyper ij oxgongs land xvij s. Roger Denys ij
oxgongs land xvij
s. John Gybson j oxgong land viij s. vj d. John pyper for a certen cheff i d. John Paytman of
Benyngton for
cheff rent ob. Rychard Hardowe ij oxgongs land xiij s. iiij d. John Piper a close vj s. viij d.
William Marshall a
howse iij s. lhesus Gyld for a certen cheff xviij d. Summa vj li. xiij s. j d. ob. Barston. Item
in the hold of
William Wulley (Thomas Andrewe interlined) a howse & certen land xlvj s. viij d. John
Cowper a howse & a
zerd land x s. Robert Gibson for a cheff vj d. William Baker & John Cowper for cheff
rentxjd. Summa lvij s.
vij d. Beyuer Radmell & Wolsthroppe. Item in the hold of John Smothyng of Beyuer a close ij
s. Item a nether
close in the hold of John Pyper vj s. Item in the hold of William Nobull of Wolsthorp xij
lands xij d. William
Grene of Radmell for certen land xx d. Summa x s. viij d. Wykham. Item in the hold of
Thomas Nyx a ferme
place with certen land and Closis in Wykham and Cawdell iij li. xj s. viij d. 
174 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Fostun. Item in the hold of William Pace
(Thomas Fyshar interline a
ferme place & a cottage wyth certen land & closisiiij li. Alyngton. On dorse) Item in the hold of
sir Robert
Wynter a howse & cert land xiiij s. viij d. [Added in another hand) the same sir Robert a howse
& certen
land xij Herlaston. Item in the hold of William Whott of a howse with cert land xviij s.
Summa totalis of this
Rentall xix li. vij s. viij d.c Added.) Barston. Item Wylliam Daffte for a mese & certen
lands xj s. Wyliam
Smyth for a cotage iiij s. Summa totalis xx li. ij s. viij d. ob. Womadir' (?) Item Tyriwastell
for a howse &
certen lande XXS. XX Wylliam Stoppe for a howse & certen land  xiij s. iiij 216. 1524 (16
Hen. VIII), 16 May.
Leycester. Grant Roger Marschall and John Vincent to William Wigston, ju of Leycester,
merchant of the staple
of the town of Cala Thomas Wigston and William Gillott, clerks, and Rob Clerke of Croxton, of
all the
messuages, lands, tenemen etc., which the said grantors had of late of the gift a feoffment of
Robert Stucley,
in the town and fields Bottysford'. To hold to the same and to the heirs and assig of the said
William Wigston,
of the chief lords, e Warranty. Appointment of John Piper as attorney to take a deliver seisin.
Endorsement of
seisin on the date aforesaid in presence of sir Walter Kirchware, Ralph Calcrofte, Rob Cutler,
John Pyper,
Robert Grove, Roger Jeues, and Her Pyper. Two seals. See No. 214. 
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 175 217. 1524 (16 Hen. VIII), 17 May. Leycester. Bond by
Roger Merschall of
Ollerton, co. Notyngham, to William Wigston, jun., of Leycester, merchant of the staple of
Calais, in ú20.
payable at the feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist. Condition (endorsed): the said Roger to
make a good
estate to the said William of all his lands and tenements that he or any other to his use has within
the town
and fields of Bottysford before the said date of payment, and the said William peaceably to enjoy
and possess
the said lands without vexation or trouble made for any interest or title made by any person to the
same. Also
on dorse : The lands and mesis that he had of Robert Stucley. 218. 1524 (16 Hen. VIII), 8
October. Leicester.
Grant by William Wigston of Leicester, jun., merchant of the staple of the town of Calais, to
Thomas Wygston,
clerk. Roger Wygston, esq., Richard Reynolde, William Gyllot, clerk, Robert Harwar, Edward
Beyre, John
Westes, Roger Gyllot. Nicolas Reynolde, Randulph Wood, Robert Davye, Thomas Hynde, and
Thomas Clerke of
Hornynglo, John Gye and Richard Gye of Radmell, of all the messuages, lands. tenements, etc.,
in the town and
fields of Bottisforde, which the said grantor of late purchased of the gift and feoffment of Roger
Marshall and
John Vyncent. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the use of the said William Wigston and his
heirs. Warranty.
Appointment of Richard Fynye and Thomas Dawkyns to take and deliver seisin. Per me William
Wygston
Juniorem leycestrie manu propria. Marshal Endorsed (later hand): Bottisford, ye Land of Vincent
Seal. 219.
Same date. Grant by William Wigston to master Thomas Wigston, clerk, Roger Wigston,
Richard Reynolde,
William Gillot, clerk, Robert Harwar, Edward Beyre, John Westas, Roger Gillot, Nicholas
Reynolde. Ranulph
Wood. Thomas Hynde, Robert Davy, and Robert Clerke of Croxton, of all the messuages, lands,
tenements,
etc., which the said grantor of late had, in the town and fields of Bottisforde, 
 176 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS together with the aforesaid Thomas Wigston,
William Gille and
Robert Clerke, of the gift and feoffment of Roger Marsha and John Vyncent. To hold of the chief
lords, etc., to
th use of sir William Fysshar and sir Richard Walsh, chaplair of the hospital of the said William
Wigston in
Leycester, an of the poor of the same, for the term of sixty years, wit reversion to the grantor and
his assigns,
for the performand and execution of his last will and his free disposal. Warrant Appointment of
attorneys as
before. Per me William Wygston Juniorem manu propria. Seal. Endorsed : (1) Roger Merchall
lande of
Bottisford. (2) Memorandum of seisin in the presence Richard Wilkynson, Henry Denis. John
Perpond, Richan
Waytt, Thomas Carpyndall, William Whyte, Thom Welby. (3. later hand) Bottisford. 220. 1524
(16 Hen. VIII), 8
November, Leyceste Release and quitclaim by Thomas Wigston, clerk, Willia Gillott, clerk, and
Robert Clerke, of
Croxton, at the instand of William Wigston, jun., of Leycester, to Roger Wigsto Richard
Reynold, Robert
Harwar, Edward Beyr. Jol Westas, Roger Gillot. Nicholas Reynolde, Ranulph Wood Thomas
Hynde, and Robert
Dauye, of all their right in the messuages, lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fiel of
Bottisford, which the
grantors had, together with the sa William Wigston, of the gift and feoffment of Roger Marsh
and John
Vincent. Parts of two seals. Endorsed : Relesse of Bottisford. 221. 1526 118 Hen. VIII), 14 Oct.
Bottelisford.
Grant Richard Siston of Stoke', co. Lincoln, laborer, for a sum money paid in hand, to Robert
Gybson of
Bottistol husbandman, of a toft lying in Bottelisford, between t tenement of William Wygston on
E. and that of
the lord Roos on S., and the common way on W. and of all the lanc meadows, etc., which the
grantor has in
Bottelisford. hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. 
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 177 Witnesses: Thomas Calcrofte, Thomas Sutton, Richard
Hardall. Thomas Wyre,
Richard Wyre. Seal. 222. 1530 (22 Hen. VIII), 4 July. Leycester. Delivery. demise and
confirmation by Roger
Wigston, esq., Robert Harwar and George Gillot, merchants of the staple of the town of Calais,
and Richard
Walsche, clerk, to William Wigston the younger, merchant of the staple aforesaid, Thomas
Wigston and
William Gillot, clerks, and Robert Clerke of Croxton, yoman, of two messuages situate in the
town of Radmeyll
in le Vale, with all lands, etc., appertaining to the same in the town and fields of Radmeyll, which
of late were
of Thomas Estofte of Estofte, esq., co. York, and of Isabel his wife, and which the said grantors
of late, in the
king s court before his justices of the bench at Westminster, recovered against the said Thomas
and Isabel, as
by the king's writ of entry upon disseisin in le post in the same court more fully appears by
record. To hold of
the chief lords, etc., to the need and use of the said William for ever. Power of attorney to John
Gye of
Radmeyll and James Bostok to deliver seisin of the premises. per me Robert Harwar. per me
George Gyllott.
per me Richardum Welsche. Three seals; fragment of fourth. Endorsed with names of those
present at taking
of seisin, 15 June, 22 Hen. VIII: John Gye, William Ordlyng. William Roberdes, William
Stapulforte, John Edlyng,
Nicholas Porter, William Handleys, Richard Potwood. Thomas Handleye. Redmeill. 223. 1531
(23 Hen. VIII), 20
May. Bottisford. Grant by Robert Gybson of Bottisford, husbandman, for a sum of money paid in
hand, to
William Wygston of Leicester, jun., merchant of the staple of the town of Calais, Thomas
Wygston and William
Gyllot, clerks, John Gye and Richard Gye of Radmell, of a toft and tenement lying in Bottisforde
between the
tenement of the said William Wygston on E., and that of the lord de Roos on S., and the common
way on W.,
and Stoke Rochford. 
 178 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS of all the lands, tenements, etc., of the said
Robert in tl town and
fields of Bottisford'. To hold of the chief lord etc., to the use of the said William Wygston.
Warrant,
Appointment of Richard Welsche, clerk, and Thom Vyncent to take and deliver seisin.
Witnesses: Roger
Marschall, John Pomman, ThomMary, John Deynys. William Scharpe, Richard Tomlynso
Thomas Sansun,
Richard Gye, Thomas Marschall. Seal. 224. Same date. Bottesforde. Grant by Robert Gybson
Bottisford,
husbandman, for a sum of money paid in hand. William Wygston and the others (as in the
previous dee of his
messuage with the toft and appurtenances lying Bottisford, with all the lands, etc., which he
purchased late of
the gift and feoffment of Richard Siston of Stoke, Lincoln, laborer. To hold of the chief lords,
etc., as befo
Warranty. Appointment of Richard Welsche, clerk, a Thomas Vynsent, to take and deliver seisin.
Seal. 225.
1531-2 [23 Hen. VIII), 4 March. Leycester. Reles and quitclaim by Thomas Wygston and
William Gyllot Leicester,
clerks, John Gye and Richard Gye of Radmell. William Wygston of Leicester, jun., merchant of
the sta of Calais,
of all their right in a toft and tenement in the to and fields of Bottisford, which they had of late,
together w the
said William Wygston, of the gift and feoffment of Rot Gybson of Bottisford. Two seals : pieces
of the two
others. 226. 1531-2 (23 Hen. VIIIJ, 15 March. Grant by Willi Wigston to Thomas Wigston, clerk,
Roger Wigston,
et Richard Reynolde, William Gyllot. clerk, Robert Harw Edward Beyre, John Westes, Roger
Gyllot, Nicolas
Reynol Randulph Wood, Robert Davye, Thomas Hynde, John and Richard Gye of Radmell, of a
toft and
tenement, y all lands, rents, etc., in the town and fields of Bottisfor which the grantor of late of
the gift and
feoffment of Rol Gybson of Bottisforde. To hold of the chief lords, etc. See No. 221. 
GREAT BOWDEN 179 the use of the said William Wygston and for the fulfilment of his last
will. Warranty.
Appointment of Thomas Vyncent and Richard Hardall as attorneys to take and deliver seisin. Per
me William
Wygston Juniorem leycestrie manu propria. Seal. Endorsed (later hand): Bottisford. Gybsons
land. 227. Same
date. Grant by William Wygston of Leicester, jun., merchant of the staple of Calais, to Thomas
Wigston, clerk,
Roger Wigston, esq., Richard Renolde, William Gyllot. clerk. Robert Harwar, Roger Gyllot,
Nicolas Renolde,
Randulph Wood. Richard Stapulls. John Vyncent, John Gye, John Pomman, and Richard Gye, of
a toft and
tenement, etc., as in the previous deed. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the use of sir William
Fysshar and sir
Richard Welsche, chaplains of the hospital of the said William Wigston in Leycester, and of the
twelve poor of
the same, for the term of sixty years, with reversion to the said William Wygston and his assigns,
for the
performance and execution of his last will and for his free disposal. Warranty. Appointment of
Thomas Vyncent
and Richard Hardall as attorneys to take and deliver seisin. Seal. Endorsed: Robert Gybson lande
in Bottisforde.
IV. GREAT BOWDEN. 228. 1400, 31 Oct. [Sunday next bejore All Saints, 2 Hen. IV.) Magna
Boudon. Grant and
confirmation by John Herberd of Magna Boudon to Thomas Hog of the same, of a rood of land
upon le Cowle
in the north field of the same. next the land of William Clerk on E. To hold of the chief lord, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Richard Bernard, John Bernard, William Harper, of Magna Boudon. Seal. 229.
1423-4, 24 Feb. [St
Matthias the apostle, 2 Hen. VI.) Boudon. Grant and confirmation by William Harper of Boudon
magna to John
in le Hyrne of the same, of a rood 
180 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS of his land lying in the north field upon Coule
next the lai of the said
John on W. To hold of the chief lords, et Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Bernard, John Ingold,
Richard in Hyrne,
John Clerke, John Anneys, chaplain, of Boudon. Small fragment of seal. 230. 1443-4, 14 Feb. [St
Valentine the
martyr, 22 He VI.] Boudon. Grant and confirmation by Ralph Scotte Magna Boudon to John
Scotte, clerk,
Richard Scotte, Thom Baverey and Reynold Scotte, of a messuage in Magna Boud situate
between the
messuage of John at More on E. and t king's way on W., the which messuage the said Ralph h of
the gift and
feoffment of John Annes, chaplain, with the lands, meadows, grazings and pastures of the said
Ral in the town
and fields of Boudon. To hold of the chief lor etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Roger Bernard, John
Smyth, Henry
Valtyne, John Ingold. John Eston, of Magna Boudon. Seal. 231. 1475, 4 Nov. [Sat. after All
Saints, 15 Edw. I
Boudon. Grant and confirmation by Robert Asby, al Robert Smyth of Hauerbergh' to Edward
Smyth his brotl of
Boudon magna, of nine roods and a quarter of arable la and herbage, lying in the north field of
Boudon;
whereof t selions, containing three roods, lie together upon Onowh, second and third from the
gore on W.; an
acre lies up Longelakynwell together next the land late of John Bas on E.; a rood and a half lie
upon
Wilardesgate, the third fr the gore on E.; a three-perches piece (triperticium) abutt into
Langtonbarow sike,
and the territory is at Longeportge The which descended to the said Robert of right and inh tance
after the
decease of John Asby his father. lo hole the chief lords, etc., to the said Edward and the heirs of
body lawfully
begotten, with remainder, if he die with such heir, to the said Robert, his heirs and assigns.
Warral Witnesses:
John Annes, Richard Harper, jun., Thor Denet, Richard Marston, sen., Thomas Skotte of Boudor
Seal. Market
Harborough. 
GREAT BOWDEN 181 232. 1490, 30 Nov. (St Andrew the apostle, 6 Hen. VII. Bowdon. Grant
and confirmation
by Robert Swan of Magna Bowdon to Richard Waklen, son and heir of Thomas Waklen, lately
deceased, of the
same town, and to Elizabeth Waklen, widow, mother of the same Richard, of half an acre of
arable land in the
field of Bowdon, lying upon Longe Helderne, the eighth from the gore on S., which the said
Thomas Waklen in
his lifetime and in 22 Edw. IV. held (pertinebat (sic)) of the said Robert. To hold of the chief
lords, etc.
Warranty. Power of attorney to Nicholas Jackes of Bowdon to deliver seisin. Witnesses: Roger
Crafte, William
Waklen. Robert Harper, William Carter, Thomas le Herne, of Bowdon. No seal. Notary's name
(?) littres' after
date. 233. 1497 (13 Hen. VII.]. 10 Sept. Bowden. Grant and confirmation by Edward Assheby of
Magna Bowden
to master William Sotherey, Thomas Denet, Robert Bassett and John Fyssher of Bowden, of two
and a half
acres of arable land lying in the fields of Bowden, (with) meadow, grazing and pasture, viz. in
the north field a
rood and a half lying upon Willersgate, the third from the gore on E.; an acre upon
Longelakenwell, next the
lands of Robert Bassett on E.; three roods upon Onow, the second and third from the gore on W.,
and a
headland of three perches upon Longeportegate'; in the west field a rood upon Shorteldurne next
the land of
the chantry of Bowghton on either side. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses:
John Deken of
Bowden, Richard Deken, Richard Harper, sen. Small fragment of seal. 234. 1500 (16 Hen. VII.].
15 Oct. Boudon.
Grant and confirmation by Thomas Harper, Nicholas Jakys and Alice Swan of Boudon magna to
Thomas
Cawode, chaplain, of an acre of land lying on Banham next the land of Thomas Smyth 'See No.
231, which does
not include the remaining rood in the W. field. 2There was a chantry in the church of Great
Bowden (Val. Eccl.
iv. 163); but Bowghton is probably Boughton in co. Northampton. The chantry of two priests
there (ibid, iv.
323) possessed land in Leicestershire (Assoc. Archit. Soc. Reports xxxi. 139), the locality of
which is indicated
here. 
182 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS on E. and that of William Sotherey on W. To
hold of the chief lords,
etc. Power of attorney to John Fyssher and John Crystyan of Bowdon to deliver seisin. Warranty.
Witnesses:
Roger Crafft, William Brewster, Richard Deken, Richard Harper, Robert Warde, Robert
Johnson. Richard Annes,
of Boudon. Two seals : one gone. 235. 1500 (16 Hen. VII.], 4 Nov. Boudon. Release and
quitclaim by Ameta
Hackett of Kybworth to Thomas Cawod. chaplain, of all her right in an acre of land lying in the
field of Boudon
magna upon Banham, next the land of Thomas Smyth on E. Witnesses: Roger Crafft, Richard
Harper, sen.,
Richard Carter, William Carter, Thomas Herne, John Fissher, Robert Johnson. Seal. 236. 1501
(16 Hen. VII). 20
May. Boudon. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Cawode, chaplain, to Thomas Sherewode, of
an acre of land
lying in the fields of Boudon magna upon a tillage called Banham, next the land of lhomas Smyth
on E. and that
of William Sotherey, clerk, on W. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Power of attorney to Thomas
Harper, sen., and
Nicholas Jakes of Boudon, to deliver seisin. Warranty. Witnesses: John Fyssher, John Cristyan,
Nicholas Smyth.
Robert Dekyn, Robert Walkeleyn, of Boudon. 237. 1507 (21 Hen. VII.] 4 July. Grant and
confirmatior by Thomas
Sherewode of Hauerbergh to Thomas Sherewode his kinsman and Thomasine Sherwode, wife of
the grantor of
an acre of his land lying in the fields of Boudon magne upon a tillage called Banham next the
land of Thomas
Smyth on E. and that of William Sothery, clerk, on W. To hold o the chief lords, etc. Power of
attorney to John
Rudde te deliver seisin. Witnesses: Nicholas Jakes of Boudon, William Brewster John Crystian.
Seal gone. 
183 GREAT BOWDEN 238. 1507 [22 Hen. VII.J. 4 May. Grant and confirmation by Thomas
Shirwode of Shefford,
co. Bedford, and Thomasine Shirwode, widow, sometime the wife of Thomas Shirwode of
Hauerborogh, to
Miles Roosse of Boudon Magna, of an acre of land, etc. Jas in foregoing). To hold of the chief
lords. etc. Power
of attorney to Roger Crafft and Richard Deken to deliver seisin. Warranty. Witnesses: William
Breuster,
Nicholas Jackes, Richard Carter, Robert Warde. Thomas Richard, of Boudon. Two seals. 239.
1507 [22 Hen. VII.J.
9 July. Grant and confirmation by John Cristian, vicar of Willen, co. Buckingham, clerk', to John
Cristian, son of
Roger, of Boudon magna, of a messuage and the third part of a messuage in Boudon, and 23
acres, a rood and
three quarters of arable land, herbage and meadow, five pastures for great beasts (gross'
animalium). rents,
reversions and services, with all their several appurtenances, which he has in the town and fields
of Boudon.
Whereof one messuage is situate at the S. end of Boudon next the lord's land on S. and the
vennel commonly
called Birdes lane on E.; and the third part of a messuage lies in Boudon, next the tenement of
the said John
son of Roger on E., abutting on the king's way and extending as far as Snaylewelle. And the land
is thus
situated : in the east field a rood and a half upon Craneworth, next the land of William Neell on
S.; a rood upon
Sholbrede, next the land of Thomas Herne on E.; a piece of three perches in Ergatisholme, next
the land of
Thomas Cristian on N.; two roods upon Miculbarow, next the land of William Wakelin on E.; a
rood and a half
upon Twardolys, next the land of William Wakelyn on N.; a piece of three perches upon the
same tillage, next
the land of John Kyng on S.; a rood upon Litilbergh, the second from the gore on N.; a rood upon
Snakysseke,
next the land of John Russell on S.; half an acre upon Sandefurlong, next the land of William
Herper; two roods
upon Morefurlong together, next the land of the heirs of John Bassett; half a rood upon
Lakefurlong, next the
land late of John Shirwode; half a rood upon the same, next the land late of the said John; a piece
of three
perches upon the S. 1John Cristyon, Cristyanes, was still vicar of Willen in 1520 and 1536
(Salter, Subsidy, p.
235, and Val. Eccl. iv, 245). 
184 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS side of Miculbergh, next the land late of
Thomas Cristian on E.; a
piece of three perches upon the same, next the land of William Peer on E.; a piece of three
perches upon
Miculbergh, next the land late of John Eston on E.; six roods lying together upon Sekefurlong,
next the land late
of Roger Barnard on E.; a rood upon Potterscrofft, next the land of Thomas Tany on S.; two
pieces of three
perches abutting towards Shovolbrode, next the land late of Roger Barnard on E.; three pieces of
three perches
lying between Morefurlong and le ley wong, next the land of Robert Wentworth on E.; a rood
and a half upon
Granowuerow, next the land of John Skepper on W.; a piece of three perches upon Targettholme,
next the
land of John Amies on N;. a rood upon Shovolbrode, next the land of the said Thomas Cristian
on W.; a rood
upon Miculbergh, next the land late of Richard Swan on S. In the west field, half an acre of
herbage in
Wakelopittes, next the land of Leonard Acton on E. In the south field a rood under Effeald, next
the land of
William Herper on E.; a rood and a half upon Goysacur, next the gore on W.; a rood upon
Colfitacur, next the
land of John Sherman on S.; a rood and a half in Hauerbergh Slade, next the land of Robert
Burdon on W.; two
and a half roods lying together upon Bukwellemore next the gore on W.; half a rood upon
Litilhyll, next the
gore on E.; a rood and a half and a piece of three perches together towards le Gate Milne next the
land of
Thomas Deken, sen., on S.; three roods upon Effeald, next the land of William Mannyng on W.;
a rood
extending in to Kirkegates, next the land of the saic Roger Barnard on either side; a piece of three
perches
upon Effeald, next the gore on E.; a rood and a half upor Wikmedow, next the land late of
Richard Deken on E.;
a rooc and a half at Tymcrosse, next the land late of Roger Barnare on E.; a rood upon
Ouerholborgh, next the
land of Richare Browne on W.; a rood and a half upon Ouergoseacur, nex the land late of John
Coste on E. In
the north field, fiv pieces of three perches upon Rokyll, next the gore on N. two pieces of three
perches upon
Galow, next the land o William Neell on E.; three roods upon Rokyll, next the lanc late of the
said Roger
Barnard on N.; one piece of thre perches upon Jonsty, the second from the gore on S.; a rooupon
Shirdecotes,
next the land late of William Perkyn ol E.; three pieces of three perches extending in to Maynere
holme, one
piece next the land late of John Shirwod on W. 
185 GREAT BOWDEN one next the land of William Smyth on W.; one next the land of Henry
Doyly on E.; an
acre of frushes in le Maynersholme. extending in to Cleypole by Hyllynges plott on S.; a rood
upon
Grymyswong, next the land of John Skepper on E.; a rood and a half upon Warpas, next the land
of John
Skepper on W.; a rood upon Estlonge, next the land of Richard Merston on N.; half a rood in
Maynersholme,
next the land of the rector of Boudon on W.; a rood upon Estlonge, next the land of John Bassett
on N.; a rood
upon the same tillage. next the land late of John Clement on S.; three roods and three half-roods
lying together
upon le Thonge next the gore on E.; a rood and a half upon the same, next the land of the rector
on W.; two
roods upon le Breste, next the land of Richard Petenale on E.; a rood upon the same tillage, next
the land late
of William Herper on W.; a rood upon Ouer Grimiswonge, next the land late of Thomas Cristian
on W.; three
roods lying together upon Galow, next the land late of William Neell on E.; a rood upon le
Galow, abutting
upon Paynysgore; a rood and a half upon Warpars, next the land late of Thomas Cristian on E.;
and five
pastures among the common pastures of Boudon. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Thomas
Herper, jun., John Cort. William Lee. Thomas Breuster, Robert Warde, Nicholas Fissher. Seal
gone. 240. 1507-8
[23 Hen. VII.]. 22 Feb. Boudon. Grant and confirmation by Richard Scotte of Boudon magna,
chaplain. to Miles
Roos, gentleman, and Elizabeth his wife, of a messuage in Great Boudon, situate between the
messuage
sometime of John at More on E. and the king s way on W., with all its appurtenances in the town
and fields of
Boudon'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Power of attorney to John Cristian and
Richard Herper, son
of Richard. to deliver seisin. Witnesses: Richard Deken, William Breuster, Thomas Russell,
Roger Crafft, Richard
Carter, William Johnson. Robert Deken, of Boudon. Seal gone. See No. 230. 
186 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 241. 1507-8 (23 Hen. VII.], 27 Feb. Boudon.
Release and quitclaim in
her pure widowhood by Agnes Botfysshe, of Boudon magna, sometime the wife of Thomas
Scotte deceased, of
all her right in a messuage, etc. (as describec in foregoing). Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Deken,
Nicholas
Jakys. Rober Warde, Thomas in le Herne, Robert Crafft. Thomas Herper sen., Thomas Herper,
jun., of Boudon.
Seal. 242. 1514 16 Hen. VIII.). 15 June. Boudon. Grant anc confirmation by John Nicols and
Elizabeth his wife o
Rokyngham, and Richard Wakelyn, son of Thomas, late o Boudon, to Miles Roos of Boudon,
gent., and
Elizabeth hi wife. Brian Roos, clerk, and Thomas Richardson of Hauer burgh. of seven roods of
arable land in
the fields of Boudon viz. two roods lying together upon Portegate, next the gore ol E., a rood
upon Breest, next
the land late of John Shirwode o E., a rood upon Miculbarow, next the land of Thomas Herpe on
N., a rood
upon the hill, next the land of Thomas le Hern on and half an acre upon Longe Eldurne, the eight
from the gore
on S. To hold of the chief lords, etc., for th need and use of the said Miles and Elizabeth and the
heir and
assigns of Miles. Power of attorney to John Deken anRichard Anneys to deliver seisin. Warranty.
Witnesses:
Thomas Herper, sen., Richard Deken Thomas Denett. William Breuster, William Johnson. Seals
gone. 243. 1514
16 Hen. VIII.], 9 August. Boudon. Grant an confirmation by Edward Ashby of Halouton' to Miles
Roc of Boudon
magna, gentleman, and Elizabeth his wife, an to Thomas Richardson of Harborogh, of nine and a
quartÇ roods
of arable land and herbage in the north field of Boudor viz. two selions containing three roods
lying together
upo Onowgh, the second and third from the gore on W.; a acre upon Longelakenwell together,
next the land
late c John Bassett on E.; a rood and a half upon Wilardesgate the third from the gore on W.;
sand a piece of
three perches abutting into Langtonbarow sike, and the territory is Ö Hallaton. 
187 GREAT BOWDEN Longeportegate. To hold of the chief lords, etc., for the need and use of
the said Miles
and Elizabeth, and the heirs and assigns of Miles. Warranty. Power of attorney to John Deken
and Richard
Herper, son of Richard, to deliver seisin. Witnesses: Richard Deken, William Breuster, Richard
Annes. Richard
Carter, William Johnson. Seal gone. 244. 1522 [13 Hen. VIII.]. 26 March. Grant and
confirmation by Miles Roos.
gentleman, to Nicholas Marten, James Foster and Thomas Foxton, of a messuage lying in the
town and fields of
Bowdon magna, which the said Miles lately had of the gift. grant and confirmation of Richard
Scotte of
Bowdon, chaplain; of nine and a quarter roods of arable land and herbage in the north field of
Bowdon, which
he lately had of the gift. etc. of Edward Ashby of Halouton; of seven roods of arable land in the
fields of
Bowdon, which he lately had of the gift, etc. of John Nicols and Elizabeth his wife of
Rokyngham, and of
Richard Wakelyn, son of Thomas, late of Bowdon; and of an acre of land in the fields of Bowdon
which he
lately had of the gift, etc. of Thomas Shirwode, of Shefford. co. Bedford. and of Thomasine
Shyrwode, widow,
sometime the wife of Thomas Shirwode of Harburgh'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Power of
attorney to Ralph Carter and Thomas Crystyan to deliver seisin. Seal. Signed : Milo Roos. 245.
Same date.
Acknowledgment of bond by Miles Roos of Maydewell, co. Northampton, gentilman, to
Nicholas Marten, in
ú20, payable at Michaelmas next. Condition : peaceful possession by the said Nicholas of a
messuage, nine and
a quarter roods of land and herbage, and seven roods, one acre of arable land in the town and
fields of Magna
Bowdon. Signed: Milo Roos. 246. 1522 [13 Hen. VIII.], 28 March. Release and quitclaim by
Thomas Richardson
of Hauerburgh, at the instance, desire and request of Miles Roos, to Nicholas Marten, James
Foster, and
Thomas Foxton, of all his right in nine and a 'See Nos. 231. 233. 2.e. all the property comprised
in Nos. 240-
243. 
188 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS quarter roods of arable land and herbage in the
north fiel of Bowdon
magna, which the said Thomas Richardson latel had jointly with Miles Roos and Elizabeth his
wife of th gift.
etc., of Edward Ashby of Halouton'. Part of seal. 247. 1522 (14 Hen. VIII.]. 4 August. Indenture
(English of
bargain and sale by Nicholis (sic) Marten of Great Bowdor bayly of Hauerburgh, to William
Wigston the
younger, of hi mese place in Great Bowdon, with all his lands, etc., in th town and fields of
Bowden, now in his
tenure, to the yearl value of 13s. 4d. Estate to be made before the feast of th Purification next.
William
Wigston gives ú10. Per me necoles mertyn. Part of seal. 248. 1522 [14 Hen. VIII.], 5 August.
Grant and confirme
tion by Nicholas Marten of Bowden magna to Willian Wigston of Leicester, jun., merchant of the
staple of Calai
Thomas Wigston, clerk, and William Gillot, clerk, of messuage with its appurtenances in the
town and helds
Bowden, nine and a quarter roods of arable land and herbag in the north field of Bowden, and
seven roods of
arab land in the fields of Bowden, and also an acre of land in th fields of Bowden; the which
premises he lately
had of th gift, etc., of Miles Roos, gent. To hold, etc., to the use c William Wigston, his heirs and
assigns, of the
chief lord etc. Warranty. Appointment of Thomas Cristyan an Richard Finny as attorneys to
deliver seisin. per
me necoles mertyn. Seal gone. 249. 1522-3 114 Hen. VIII.). 20 Feb. Letters of Williai Wigston,
Thomas Wigston
and William Gillott, constitutin Richard Walsche their attorney to receive seisin froi Nicholas
Marten of
Bowndon magna of the property mel tioned above. Fragment of seal : simple queue. See No. 243. 
189 GREAT BOWDEN 250. 1523 (14 Henry VIII.]. 15 April. Indenture (English) of bargain and
sale by John
Cristyan of Much Bowden to William Wigston the younger, of the property as stated fully below
[No. 252).
Estate to be made before the Nativity of St John Baptist next. William Wigston shall pay êIO
13s. 4d. Seal. 251.
Same date. Bond by John Cristyan of Bowden magna to William Wigston, jun., of Leicester,
merchant of the
staple of Calais, in 20 marks, payable at the feast of the Nativity of St John Baptist. Condition:
the fulfilment of
terms of indenture made on the date of these presents. Seal. 252. N.d. (1523)1 Grant and
confirmation by John
Cristyan of Bowden magna to William Wigston of Leicester, jun., merchant of the staple of the
town of Calais,
Thomas Wigston, clerk, and William Gillott, clerk, of 16 acres, 3´ roods of arable land, herbage
and meadow,
five pastures of great beasts, and his rents, reversions and services in the fields of Bowdon
magna, viz. in the
east field a rood and a half upon Craneworth, next the land of William Neyll on S.; a piece of
three perches in
Ergatisholme, next the land of Thomas Cristyan on N.; a rood and a half upon Twerdolys, next
the land of
William Wakelyn on N.; a piece of three perches upon the same tillage next the land of John
Kyng on S.; a rood
upon Littilbergh, second from the gore on N.; a rood upon Snakissik next the land of John
Russell on S.; a rood
and a half upon Mickilbergh, next the land of Thomas Smyth on N.; three pieces of three perches
lying
together. next the land of the rector of Bowdon magna on N.; a piece of three perches on the S.
side of
Mickilbergh, next the land late of Thomas Cristyan on E.; a piece of three perches upon the
same, next the land
of William Peer on E.; six roods lying together upon Sekfurlong, next the land late of Roger
Bernard on E.; three
pieces of three perches lying between Morfurlang and le Laywong, next the land of Robert
Wentworth on E.; a
piece of three perches upon Tergetholme, See No. 239. Of the land mentioned in that charter,
approximately
10 acres are not included in the present grant, which contains particulars of some 4 acres not
included in the
earlier document. In neither charter does the sum total answer accurately to the particulars. 
190 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS next the land of John Amies on N.; a rood upon
Mickilbergh next the
land of Richard Swan on S. In the west field, half an acre of herbage in Wakelopittes, next the
land of Leonard
Acton on E. In the south field, a rood upon Colfittacre, next the land of John Sherman on S.; a
rood and a half in
Hauerborugh slade, next the land of Robert Burdon on W.; two and a half roods lying together
upon
Bukwellmoore, next the gore on W.; a rood extending into Kirkgates, next the land of the said
Roger Barnard
on both sides; a piece of three perches upon Effealde, next the gore on E.; a rood and a half upon
Wikmedow,
next the land late of Richard Deaken on E.; a rood upon Ouerholburgh, next the land of Richard
Browne on W.;
six roods upon Whildik next the land of the said Leonard Acton on N. In the north field, two
pieces of three
perches upon Galow, next the land of William Neyll on E.; a rood upon Sherdecotes, next the
land late of
William Perkyn on E.; three pieces of three perches extending in to Maynersholme, whereof one
is next the
land late of John Sherwoode on W., one next the land of William Smyth on W., one next the land
of Henry
Doyly on E.; an acre of frushes (friscarum) in le Maynersholme extending into Cleypoole next
Hillyngisplott on
S.; a rood and a half upon Warpas, next the land of John Skepper on W.; a rood and a half upon
le Thonge, next
the gore on E.; a rood and a half upon the same next the land late of John Clement on S., five
roods lying
together upon le Thonge next the gore on E., a rood and a half upon the same next the rector s
land on W.;
two roods upon le Brest, next the land of Richard Petenall on E., two roods lying together in
Whittersikk next
the gore on E., a rood and a half lying together upon Brown furlong next the land of John Corke
on E., and of
meadow five pastures ot great beasts among all the pastures of Bowdon. To hold, etc., to the use
of William
Wigston, his heirs and assigns. of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Seal. 253. 1523 (15 Hen. VIII.],
25 April'. Letters
of attorney of William Wigston, Thomas Wygston, and William Gillott. constituting Thomas
Dawkyns their
attorney to receive seisin of the above property from John Cristian of Bowdon magna. Pieces of
three seals :
simple queue. This probably gives the date of No. 252. 
GREAT BOWDEN 19 254. 1523-4 [15 Hen. VIII.]. 5 Feb. Copy of grant. dated at Bouden
magna, by Nicholas
Smyth of the same, to Nicholas Martyn, Richard Deaken, John Cortt, and Ralph Cartar ot the
same, of all his
lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Bouden. To hold of the chief lords. etc. Warranty.
Witnesses:
John Deaken of Bouden, Thomas Cristyan, Richard Hodge. Robert Jonson, of the same. Also
copy of the will of
the said Nicholas Smyth, as follows. 2544. IN DEI NOMINE AMEN the xii dey of Februarye the
yere of our lorde
god a ml cccc xxiijti I Nicholas Smyth of much Bowdon holl of mynde and in perfecte memory,
make my
testament and last will in maner and fourme folowyng. Fyrst I bequethe my soull to god
allmyghty to our lady
Saynt Mary and to all the holy Company of heven my body to be buried in the church yard of
much Boudon.
Also 1 bequethe for my mortuarye my best good after maner and custome of the Countie. Also l
bequethe to
the Reparacion of the church of lincoln. ijd. Also I bequethe to the hye alter of mych Bowdon for
my tythes
forgoten. iiijd. Also I bequethe to the mendyng of causes' and hye waysse in Bowdon. xijd. Also l
bequethe to
the greyt Bell of Bowdon aforeseid. xxd. Also I bequethe to Margaret my wiff all my lands and
tenaments
pastures medows and leysoures within the towne and felds of Bowdon and Bowdon (sic) within
the Countie of
Leicestur during hir life after my decesse except three accrysse of land the which I will be sold to
bring me to
the ground'. And after hyr deceysse l will that Richard goode haue all my seid lands and
tenaments in townes
and felds of Bowdon and Bowdon to hym and to his ayres for ever. And if the said Richard
goode deceysse
before Margaret my wife. then 1 will aftur the deceysse of my wiffe my said lands and tenaments
in townes
and fields of Boudon and Bowdon aforesaid be sold by my feoffers of my seid lands and
tenaments aforseid
and the money therof receyvid to be bestowed a pon a booke called a Antiphonarye, as gud as the
other
antyphonary booke is within the said churche of Boudon. And the seid booke aftur hit be bought
to ly apon the
Northeside of the quere : Also I will that Margaret my wiffe haue all my moveable goods duryng
hyr liffe And at
hir departing to haue. xxvjs.viijd. to bring hir to the grounde Causeways. 2.e., for his funeral
expenses. 
 192 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS the which Margaret I make my sole executrix.
And also make
supervisoures of this my testament Richard goc Richard Carter and Thomas Smythe Witnes
Richard Deake
Richard Annes Johan Deaken Richard harper with other mo Notary's mark, with : Dominus
Johannes Hardy sac.
auctoritate apostolica notarius publicus manu propria. 255. 1524 (16 Hen. VIII.], 5 July. Grant
and confirmatio
by Nicholas Martyn of Bowden magna, Richard Deake John Cortt and Richard Carter of the
same to William
Wigste jun., Thomas Wigston and William Gillott, of three acr of arable land in the fields of
Bowden magna, viz.
three roo0 upon Rokhill, fifth from the gore, next the land of Joh Harper on W.; a rood near
Langton gate, next
the land John Cristyan on W.; a rood near the way which leads the mill, next the land of Thomas
Smyth on W.;
a rood an a half upon Efeld, next the land of Robert Deaken on E a rood and a half in the Hallow,
next the land
of Thoma Gudderige on W.; three roods upon Foxton gate, next th land of Robert Jonson on W.
and that of
Thomas Smyt on E.; and a rood upon Wise forthe, next the rector s lan on S. To hold, etc., to the
use of William
Wigston, h heirs and assigns, of the chief lords. Warranty. per me necoles martyn by me Ryc.
Dekon. per me
Johan. Cortt by me Raue Robyns per me Radulphus Carter Four seals (fragmentary). 256. 1524
116 Hen. VIII :
dates blank). Letters of Williar Wigston. Thomas Wigston and William Gillet, constitutin sir
Richard Walsche
their proctor to receive seisin fron Nicholas Martyn, etc., of the above property. Three seals
(fragmentary):
simple queue. 257. 1527 (19 Hen. VIII.], 20 May. Quitclaim b. Thomas Wigston and William
Gillott, clerks, to
Willian Fissher and Richard Walshe, chaplains of the hospital o William Wigston the younger of
Leycester, and
to the poo of the same, of their right in the premises specified in No 
BREEDON-ON-THE-HILL 193 248. as of the grant of Nicholas Martyn in the town and fields of
Bowden. per me
Thomam Wygston per me Wyllelmum Gylott One seal, the other gone. Endorsed: Relaxacio de
Bowden pro
mesuagio. 258. 1528 [19 Hen. VIII.], 13 April. Quitclaim by Thomas Wigston, clerk, and
William Gillott, clerk, to
sir William Fyshare and sir Richard Walche his confrater. chaplains, and the twelve poor men of
the hospital of
William Wigston the younger of Leycestre, merchant of the staple of the town of Calais, of all
their right in the
premises specified in No. 252 above as of the grant of John Cristyan in the town and fields of
Bowdon magna.
To hold to them and their successors for ever. Seals gone. Endorsed: Release of Bowdon. 259.
1528 [19 Hen.
VIII.), 21 April. Quitclaim as in No. 257 by Thomas Wigston, clerk, and William Gillott, clerk.
to sir William
Fyshare and sir Richard Walche his confrater. chaplains, and the twelve poor men of the hospital
of William
Wigston the younger of Leycester, merchant of the staple of the town of Calais. Two seals :
simple queue.
Endorsed : Release of Bowdon. V. BREEDON-ON-THE-HILL. 260. 1414, 31 Dec. [Monday
before the
Circumcision, 2 Hen. V.] Bredon. Release and quitclaim by Henry Ryuet. vicar of the church of
Bredon',
Alexander Mylner of the same, and Henry Baker of Hemyngton, to Thomas Porter of Assheby la
Zouche and
Alice his wife, late the wife of John of Langton of Bredon, of all their right in all those lands.
tenements, etc., in
the town and fields of Bredon, which they lately had of the gift and grant of the said Alice, while
she was in her
pure widowhood in Bredon, for the term of life Instituted 21 April. 1396 (Lincoln Reg. xi., f. 231
d.). The date of
his retirement is not recorded. 
194 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS of the said Thomas and Alice in survivorship.
To hold of th chief lords,
etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Bertvyle, Robert Briscowe, Williar Walker, of Tonge; John
Shefeld, William
Mason, of Bredon. Two seals. 2604. Duplicate of the foregoing. 261. 1425. 15 Aug. [Assumption
of B.V.M., 3
Hen. VI. Bredun. Grant and confirmation by John Hardwyn of Bredu to William Robe of
Denyntun', Thomas
Hardwyn Leycetur, John Kyntun of Markfeld, and William Masun o Bredun, of all his lands and
tenements in
the town and field of Bredun. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Cok of
Bredun,
William Bartefeld o Tonge, Robert Busco, William Walker. Seal. 262. 1439 [18 Hen. VI.], 1
Dec. Grant and
confirmatio. by William Hardewyn of Whitewyk to master Thoma Loughtburgh, Richard
Byngham. John
Trenthall, Rober Wytham and Thomas Mullysworth, of a messuage in Bredon lying between the
tenement
sometime of Thomas Assheb) and that sometime of Thomas Salter, and extending from the king
s way towards
Bredon hill (versus montem de Bredon and also of all his lands, etc., in the town and fields of
Bredon
Anderchyrch, Worthyngton, Tonge and Willyston'. To hole of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William
Walker of Bredon, William Barle) of Melbourne. Richard Corviser of Bredon, Richard Sparke of
Bredon, Henry
Baker of Worthington, and John Hardewyr and John Potter of Newbolte. Seal. 263. Same date.
Letters of
attorney of William Hardewyr of Whytewyk, appointing Robert Barnevyle to deliver seisin of the
premises
[Alderchirche instead of Anderchyrch) te the said grantees. Seal. Probably Castle Donington.
2Wilson. 
BREEDON-ON-THE-HILL 195 264. Same date. Letters of attorney of master Thomas
Loughtburgh. Richard
Byngham, John Trenthall, Robert Witham and Thomas Mullysworth, appointing Henry del Hall
of Ouerton and
John Swepston to receive seisin on their behalf from William Hardewyn of a messuage in
Bredon, and also of
all those lands, etc., in the towns and fields of Anderchyrche, Worthyngton, Tonge and
Willyston, according to
the force, etc., of a charter made to them by the said William. Five seals. 265. 1444 [22 Hen.
VI.]. 20 June.
Indenture of grant and confirmation by master Thomas Loughtburgh, Richard Byngham. John
Trenthall and
Robert Wytham to Milicent (Milcencie) Staunton, of a messuage in Bredon lying between the
tenement
sometime of Thomas Assheby and that sometime of Thomas Salter, and extending from the
king's way
towards Bredon hill, and also of all those lands, etc., in the town and fields of Bredon,
Anderchyrch,
Worthyngton, Tonge and Willyston, which the said grantors, together with Thomas Mullysworth,
lately had of
the gift and grant of William Hardewyn of Whitewyk; the said Thomas Mullysworth having gone
the way of all
flesh at the day of the making of these presents. To hold to the said Millicent for the term of her
life, with
remainder to Thomas Staunton the elder, his heirs and assigns, of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses:
Richard Neel
of Shepyshede, Henry Hall of Ouerton, Robert Bernevell of Threngeston, John Porter of
Worthyngton. Richard
Sparke of Bredon. Four seals. 266. Same date. Letters of attorney of Thomas Staunton the elder
and Milicent
his wife, appointing William Kelme to receive seisin from master Thomas Loughtburgh and the
three others as
in the preceding deed, of the messuage, etc., specified therein. One seal : the other gone. 267.
1528 (19 Hen.
VIII.], 31 March'. Indenture (English) of partition between sir William Turvyle, knight, and
Thomas Hasylryg.
esq., and Robert Hasylryg his brother, of all such This deed does not relate directly to Breedon,
but is
intimately concerned with the descent of the Breedon property and with the contents of No. 268. 
 196 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS lands and tenements as late were of one
Thomas Staunton esq., the
younger, in the towns and fields of Hathern anc Longe Whatton, co. Leicestre, Normanton uppon
Soore anc
Skarryngton, co. Nottyngham, and which were the jointure ol the lady Savage, late wife to the
said Thomas
Staunton; of the which the said William. Thomas and Robert are tenants in common, by the
reason the said sir
William purchased to hin and to his heirs of one Kateryne Turvyle his mother all such part and
portion as
belonged to the said Kateryne, and the said Thomas Hasylryg is heir to Elizabeth, eldest sister
and one of the
heirs of the said Thomas Staunton, and the foresaid Robert hath purchased to him and his heirs of
one
Margaret Wylne, second sister and residue of the heirs of the said Thomas Staunton, such part
and portion as
belonged to the said Margaret. The partition is made in form ensuing : viz. the said Thomas and
Robert give
and grant to the said sir William all their parte and portions of the lands in Normanton. extended
at 34s. a
year, and also lands and tenements in Hatherne in the holding of William esq. (sic), extended at
32s., and the
lands and tenements in Hatherne in the holding of John Warde, extended at 19 s., to have and
hold to the said
sir William, etc. in full recompense of such part and portion as the said sir William had in the
residue of the said
lands and tenements in the towns aforesaid. And likewise the same sir William and Robert grant
to the said
Thomas Hasylrig the lands and tenements in Hathern in the tenure of Thomas Bladon, extended
at 43s. and in
the tenure of Thomas Fysshepole, extended at 21s. 4d. and in the tenure of Robert Bower,
extended to 20s. to
have to the said Thomas Hasylrig, etc. And in like manner the said sir William and Thomas give
and grant to the
said Robert all the lands and tenements in Hatherne that George Pratt held, extended at 10s., and
Robert
Wylson held, extended at 7s., and the lands and tenements in Longe Whatton, extended at 1/s..
and the lands
and tenements in Skarryngton, extended at 23s., to hold to the said Robert, etc. The parties are
agreed to
make further means for surety when required, and that all the evidences concerning the aforesaid
lands and
tenements, and also the lands and tenements of the said lhomas Staunton in Sutton, Bonyngton,
Normanton
uppon Soore and Kynston, co. Nottyngham, and Thurkeston, co. Leicestre. whereof partition was
made
between the said parties on 1* August, 6 Hen. VIII, as by indenture tripartite of the date 
BREEDON-ON-THE-HILL 197 of these presents appeareth, shall be divided and delivered to
the party having the
lands and tenements that the same evidences only concern, and such evidences as concern lands
in all their
parties shall be delivered in true copies to every party, and the evidences to be put in such
indifferent custody
as the said parties or their heirs shall condescend, and likewise, if the evidences concern land in
two of their
parties, copies to be delivered to the said two parties, and the evidences to be put in such
indifferent custody
as please those two and their heirs to appoint. The foot of the indenture remains with sir William,
the further
head with Thomas Hasylrig, and the latter head with the said Robert. Signed: per me Wylliam
Turvyle. per me
Robertum Hasilrig. Two seals. Endorsed : particio inter Turvill & Hasilrige. 268. 1532 [23 Hen.
VIII.]. 31 August.
Indenture (English) between sir William Turvyle, knight, on the one party, William Wygston the
younger,
merchant of the staple at Calic , on the second, and Robert Wylne, gentylman, of the third,
Whereas the said
parties are tenants in common of all such lands and tenements as late were of Thomas Staunton,
esq., the
younger, in the towns and fields of Bredon, Anderchyrche, Tonge and Barowehillis, co.
Leicestre, and were the
jointure of the lady Savage, late wife to the said Thomas, in the towns aforesaid, by reason the
premises were
descended to one Elizabeth Hasylrig, Margaret Wylne and Kateryne Turvyle, as sisters and heirs
to the said
Thomas Staunton, which the said sir William has purchased to him and his heirs of the said
Kateryne, his
mother's sister (sic), all such part and portion as belonged to her, whose heir apparent the said sir
William is;
and the said William Wygston hath purchased of one Thomas Hasylrig, son and heir to the said
Elizabeth, the
eldest sister and one of the heirs of the said Thomas, such part and portion as belonged to the said
Thomas
Hasylrig; and the said Robert Wylne had given to his use, his wife s and his heirs , at the time of
his marriage,
by a deed of feoffment made by the said Margaret his grandam, the second sister and residue of
the heirs of
the said Thomas Staunton, and by John Wylne his father, whose heir apparent the said Robert is,
all such part
and portion as 
198 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS belonged to the said Margaret and John. And
also whereas in two
pairs of indentures tripartite made between the said si William Turvyle, Thomas Hasylrig and
Robert Hasylrig
bearing date in the 19th year of Henry VIII, in which inden tures it is plainly declared of certain
lands and
tenements in Thurkeston, Hatherne, Longe Whatton, co. Leicestre Normaanton vppon Soore,
Skaryngton,
Sutton, Bonyngton co. Nottyngham, the which lands and tenements were parted apportioned and
divided
between the said sir William Thomas and Robert, and the aforesaid lands and tenement in
Bredon, etc., were
at that time not departed or divided': Therefore, the said sir William. Thomas and Robert so bein
seised of the
premises in common, it is now covenanted bargained, etc., that a partition of the premises be
made among
them in manner and form ensuing. The said William and Robert give and grant to the said sir
William all their
part and portion in a tenement in Bredon late in the hold of Thomas Parken, with all the land and
meadow
which were of late divided by neighbours between the said sir William and Robert, and were
joined to Thomas
Perkyn's house, and half a chief in Bredon and Tong of 3s. rent, which tenement with the
premises is extended
at 22s. rent by year, and the first part of a close called Barowehillis, to wit the Copye Wodde with
a meadow,
and the nether ende of the wood at the over end of the meadow, enclosing a pit for water, and so
over
straight to Stocwode hegge, and also a house with a little close late sown with oats with the Rogh
corner to the
common hedge, extended at lIs. 1d. To have, etc., to the said sir William in full recompense of
such part and
portion as he had in the residue of the lands and tenements aforesaid. And the said sir William
and Robert in
like manner give and grant to the said William a tenement in Bredon in the tenure of John Smyth
with certain
lands late exchanged with sir William Turvyle by the sight li.e. view) of neighbours for the
easement of the
tenantry, extended at Z2s. rent, and the third part of the said close, that is to say, from the
meadow upwards,
butting upon the Clowde Noke and so compassing upon the Brande syde to the partition of the
second part of
the said close, extended at lOs. 1d. rent., and in like manner all their part and portion of and in a
certain
cottage in Bredon with two closes or tofts and certain See No. 267. 
BREEDON-ON-THE-HILL 199 lands in the fields to the same cottage belonging in the tenure of
John Hopkyn,
extended at 7s. rent. To have, etc. to the said William and his heirs for ever. And, because the
said cottage with
its appurtenances was not parted or divided among the said parties at this division or partition
last made,
therefore the said William hath paid and delivered the day of the sealing of these indentures
tripartite to the
said sir William 37s. 4d. of good and lawful English money, and the same day paid and delivered
to the said
Robert other 37s. 4d., which sums of money is (sic) after the rate of sixteen years purchase, for
that intent it
may be in full recompense of all such part and portions as the said sir William and Robert had in
the residue of
the premises. To have, etc. to the said William in full recompense of such part and portion as he
had in the
residue of the lands and tenements aforesaid. And likewise the said sir William and William give
and grant to
the said Robert a tenement in Bredon late in the hold of John Lenton, and half the land and
meadow which
were divided by neighbours between the said sir William and the said Robert, and also a house in
the hold of
Agnes Lenton to long and pertain to John Lenton's house for lack of easement, and all the
orchard crofts with a
spange of meadow and certain hemp plecks, extended at 22s. rent. with the second part of the
said close, that
is to say the over close next adjoining to the Monks Syche, between the oyle close and the
Brande and the
hedge that doth part the nether close, extended at IIs. ld., and half a chief in Tonge and Bredon of
3 s. To have,
etc., to the said Robert in full recompense of such part and portion as he had in the residue of the
lands and
tenements aforesaid. And further such parties be agreed and every one of them covenanteth and
granteth for
them and their heirs to the other of them and his heirs that they and their heirs shall do, cause and
suffer to be
done such further surety for the continuance and making sure of this said partition as such of the
said parties
or his heirs or their counsel learned (sc. in the law) shall reasonably devise at the costs and
charges of such of
the said parties or of his heirs or assigns as shall make or require further surety to be made. And
moreover it is
covenanted and agreed between the said parties that all evidences, charters and muniments
concerning the
said lands and tenements in Bredon, Anderchyrche, Tonge and Barowehyllis shall be divided and
delivered to
the party having the lands and tenements that 
200 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS the same evidences, etc., only concern, and of
such evidences, etc.,
as concer lands in all their parties it is agreed that true copies be delivered to every party, and the
evidences to
be put into a coffer and there to be locked with three divers locks, and every party to have a key,
and the said
coffer so locked to be set and remain in the college of Newarke in Leicester for surety of every of
the said
parties and their heirs and assigns. And if the evidences, etc. concer lands in two parties, copies,
to be
delivered to the said two parties, and the evidences, etc. to be put in such indifferent custody as
please those
two or their heirs to appoint. In witness whereof to the foot of this indenture tripartite remaining
with the said
sir William Turyyle the said William and Robert have put to their seals, and to the further head of
this
indenture remaining with the said William the said sir William and Robert have put to their seals,
and to the
later head of the same indenture remaining with the said Robert the said sir William and William
have put to
their seals the day and year above written. Signed: per me Willm Turvyle. per me Robt Wylne
Two seals. 269.
15323 24 Hen. VIII., 10 March. Leicester, Release and quitclaim by William Turyle, kt., and
Robert Wyle, gent,
to William Wigston of Leicester, jun., merchant of the staple of the town of Calais, of all their
right in all those
lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Bredon, now in the tenure of John Smyth, and
also of a
cottage in Bredon, late in the tenure of John Hopkyn, now in that of John Tayler. Also in the
third part of the
close or pasture called Barowhillis, divided into three parts. The which premises sometime were
of one
Thomas Staunton, est, and which the grantors and the said William Wigston had in common, as
more fully
appears in certain indentures triplicate between the said William Turyle of one part, William
Wigston of the
second, and Robert Wille of the third dated the last day of August, 23 Hen. VIII. Warranty. Per
me Willm
Turvyle. Two seals. No. 268. 
BURTONON-TRENT AND HORNINGLOW 201 270. Same date. Leicestre. Release and
quitclaim by William
Turvyle, kt. and William Wigston of Leicester, jun., etc., to Robert Wylne, gent, of all their right
in all those
lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Bredon. late in the tenure of John Lenton and
Agnes Lenton,
and in the moiety of 3. yearly rent issuing out of certain lands and tenements in Tonge and
Bredon, and in the
second part of a close or pasture divided into three parts, called Barowhillis. The which, etc., as
in the
foregoing. Per me Willm Turvyle: per me William Wygston, Juniorem Ley One seal. 271.
1544-5 36 Hen. VIIII, 16
March. Acknowledgment of receipt by William Wigston of Wolston, co. Warwick, from Robert
Patchett.
William Gyllott and Walter Brown. clerks, of the sum of 550, in full payment of 133 13. 4. for
the full bargain
and sale of all his lands, etc., in the towns and fields of Hatherne, Bredon and Barrowehille, in
fee simple.
Signed: per me Willm Wygston. Seal impressed. Endorsed: Master William Wygston of Wolston
for the purchas
of Hather with other. VI. BURTON-ON-TRENT AND HORNINGLOW. 272. N.d. 1229-60
Grant by Lawrence, abbot
of Burthon, and the whole convent of the same place, to John Gubert of Horninglowe, for his
homage and
service, of the toft and croft which was of Reginald Tasserel in Withmere and of eight acres of
land to the said
toft and croft appertaining, and of fourteen acres of land and a half, with half an acre of meadow,
with their
appartenances. Also of two acres in Copinhil, which remain to the abbot and convent in
exchange for two acres
in Longefurlong of Horninglowe, lo hold and have to him and his heirs well, freely, entirely, and
honorably, with
all liberties, free commons, and easments appertaining to the aforesaid land, rendering therefor
yearly to the
grantors and their successors two shillings of Lawrence de Sancto Edward, abbot from July,
1229, to shortly
before 6 July, 1260 (Pat. Rolla 1225-1232, p. 258; Cal. Pat. Rolla 1258-1266, p. 80.) Wetmoor. 
202 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS silver at two terms of the year, to wit, at the
feast of St Martin twelve
pence, and at the feast of St John Baptist twelve pence, for all services, customs, suits of court by
the year, and
demands, save the foreign service of the said toft and croft, and of the eight acres of land to the
same
appertaining, and save the suit of the court of the grantors, which the said John and his ancestors
formerly
were wont to do to them for the land and tenement which he held of them. And be it known that
the said John
has given to them, in exchange for the aforesaid land, the whole land, to wit, and the tenement,
the toft and
croft with their appurtenances, which he formerly held of them in Wineshull', without any
retention for
himself and his heirs. The same John and his heirs will warrant, defend and acquit the said
tenement to them
and their successors against all men, without any secular service appertaining to him and his
heirs, for ever.
And. in order that this their gift, grant, and confirmation of the charter may be ratified and stable,
the grantors
have thought fit to set their seals to the present deed. Witnesses: John of Withmere, John of
Bursicot, Elias of
Stretton, William of Esseburn, then steward of Burthon, John son of John of Stapenhull, William
son of Ralph of
the same town, William of Tatenhull, William Knith of Bronteston', Richard of Stobenhal,
Matthew of
Stobenhal, and others. Two seals. One has a figure, apparently of an abbot. in eucharistic
vestments, standing
within an arched canop. with trefoiled cusping. In the head of the arch is a trefoiled niche, in
which is a bust.
The marginal legend has gone, and fragments of two apart from the word SIGILLV letters near
the end. This is
probably the seal used by Lawrence of St. Edward, abbot 1229-1260. The other and larger seal,
of twelfth-
century character has a tall seated figure, apparently of the B.V.M., the head and feet being
continued into the
margin at top and bottom, between two churches, ending in conical roofs. Above, on either side,
is another
conical roof with windows below, indicating a tower. The marginal legend has gone. This is the
common seal of
the convent. The Virgin appears to be holding the Child in her arms, but the surface is greatly
worn. Endorsed
in late medieval hand : de Hornynglow. Winshill. 2Branston. 
BURTON-ON-TRENT AND HORNINGLOW 203 273. 1354, 24 September (Wednesday after
St Matthew, 28 Edw.
III). Burton. Grant by John, son of John Gobert of Horniglowe, to sir Henry, perpetual vicar of
Merston', and to
sir Robert Flyth of Burton, chaplain, of all his lands and tenements in the county of Stafford, to
wit, in
Horniglowe. Stretton, and Wyttemer, with meadows, etc. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses:
John of Sparham of Wyttemer; John le Parker of Rolleston; John of Oxn of Burton; Geoffrey le
Broune, John
Friche', of Burton. Seal gone. Endorsed [16th cent. hand) : de Hornynglow, Stretton, &
Wytmere. 274. 1362, 10
November (Thursday after St Leonard, 36 Edw. III). London. Release and quitclaim, in her pure
widowhood and
lawful power, by Margaret, who was the wife of William of Naples, sometime citizen of London,
to Geoffrey
Broun of Burton-upon-Trent, of all her right in all the lands, tenements, and rents, which were of
the said her
late husband, concerning her in any way by reason of her dower. Witnesses: Stephen Cauendissh,
then mayor
of the city of London. James Andrew and John of St Albans, then sheriffs, John of Cantebrigg,
Thomas
Brakenborugh. John Lucas, William of Grenyngham. Seal. Endorsed (16th cent. hand) : de
Birton. 275. 1362, 4
Dec. [Sunday after St Andrew, 36 Edw. III) Hornyglowe. Indenture of grant and demise by
Lettice, who was the
wife of John Goberd of Hornynglowe, in her pure and full widowhood, to William Jolipas of
Merston and Ralph
of Alsop, of all her lands, tenements, etc., in the fields of Hornynglowe. To hold, etc., for the
term of twelve
years, rendering to the grantor a yearly rent of 17 shillings of silver at Martinmas and St John
Baptist. The
lessees shall maintain and repair buildings, etc., at their own expense, and shall pay rents and
services due to
the chief lords. Warranty. Marston-upon-Dove, co. Derby. Henry, son of Henry Marston, was
presented to the
vicarage by the Crown in 1352-3, 5 Feb. (Cox, Chh. of Derbyshire III., 202; Cal. Pat. Rolla
1350-1354, p. 397.) 2Or
Frithe. 
204 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: John of Fynderne, steward of
Burton, John of
Worthyngton, Geoffrey le Broune of Burton. Roger Saueny of Hornynglowe. Henry del Bruerne,
John of
Sperham. Endorsed (l6th cent.) : Pro Willelmo Jolipas. [Later hand : Carta de Hornynglow. 276.
Same date.
Burton upon Trent. Letters of attorney of the said Lettice, to deliver seisin of the premises to
William Jolipas,
her father, and Ralph of Alsop. The premises are here specified as the lands, etc., which were of
John her
husband in the towns of Hornynglowe and Stretton. Seal. Endorsed : Littere, etc., attorn. per
Letic. Goberd.
277. 1362, 11 Dec. [Sunday after the Conception of B.M., 36 Edw. III). Burton. Indenture of
grant and demise by
Lettice, who was the wife of John Goberd of Hornynglowe, and is also the guardian of William,
son and heir of
the said John, and her son, who on Monday after the feast of St Matthew last past (22 Sept.] was
five years
old, in her pure widowhood, to William Jolipas her father, of the said wardship. To hold, etc.,
until the lawful
age of her said son. Grant also to the said William Jolipas of the marriage of her said son, so that
he may make
his profit of the premises, as may seem to be most becomingly and best expedient for him and the
said son,
without doing waste or destruction to the lands and tenements which should remain hereafter to
the said son
at his lawful age. Witnesses: John of Fynderne, steward of Burton; Geoffrey le Broune. Henry del
Bruerne, of
Burton; John of Sperham, John Bullok of Stretton. Seal. Endorsed : Pro Willelmo Jolipas. 278.
1365-6, 20 Jan.
[Tuesday bejore the Conversion of St Paul, 39 Edw. III). Hornynglowe. Grant by Lettice, the
relict of John
Gobard of Hornynglowe, to Geoffrey Broune of Burton upon Trent, of all the messuages, lands,
tenements,
etc., which she sometime held jointly with the said John in the towns of Hornynglowe, Stretton,
and
Whyghtmere. To hold of the chief lords, etc., without any retention, during her whole life.
Warranty. 
BURTON-ON-TRENT AND HORNINCLOW Witnesses: John of Fynderne, steward of Burton,
John of Rolluston,
John of Sperham of Whyghtmere, Adam le Storyour of Brondeston, William Goldsmyt of
Burton, Henry del
Bruwerne and William Plummere of the same. Seal. Endorsed (16th cent.): De Galffrido Brown
de Burton. 279.
1382, 8 June (Sunday before St Barnabas the apostle, 5 Richard II) Hornyglowe. Release and
quitclaim by
Geoffrey Broun of Burton upon Trent to William Gobard. son and heir of the late John Gobard of
Hornyglowe,
of all his right in all those lands, tenements, etc., which were sometime of the said John his
father, and which
the said Geoffrey had of the demise of Lettice, mother of the said William, for the term of her
life. Endorsed
[I6th cent.] : Relesse de Geffro Browne de Burton. 280. 1386, 19 May (St Dunstan, bishop and
confessor, 9
Rich. II). London. Grant Jindented) by William Gobard alias Burton, citizen and butcher of
London, to sir John of
Lynton, rector of the church of St Vedast, London', of all and sundry the lands and tenements,
etc., which the
grantor has in the towns and fields of Hornynglow, Stretton and Whithemere. To hold of the
chief lords, etc.,
on condition that, if the said William pays, or causes to be paid to the said sir John, on the first
Sunday in Lent
next to come, ú15, this charter shall thenceforth, with seisin had thereby, be quashed and utterly
annulled.
Warranty. Witnesses: John Brounesbury, John Jurdon, Elyas Broun. Seal. Endorsed : (1). Pro
Joh. Lynton; (2,
16th cent. hand) De Hornynglow Stretton & Wytmere. 281. 1396-7,21 Jan. [Sunday bejore St
Vincent the
martyr, 20 Rich. II) Hornynglowe. Grant by John of Rugeley the elder, dwelling in Hornynglowe,
to John
Mulward of Kudesley', of an acre of meadow lying in the fields of Hornynglowe, 1John Lynton
was rector of St.
Vedast's between 1367 and 1391. See Hennessy. Novum Repertorium 433 and note j 300. 21
cannot identify
thia place. 
 206 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS the which acre, called le Hauedacre, the grantor
had of the gift and
feoffment of Stephen Smyth of Burton. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses:
Thomas Toty of
Rolleston, Ralph Byschop of Hambury, Roger Saueney and John Saueney of Hornynglowe,
Thomas Ryder of
Stretton, clerk. Seal. Endorsed : Acra praty de Ornyglowe. 282. 1398 (22 Rich. II), 5 July.
Hornynglowe. Grant by
William Gobard, son and heir of John Gobard of Hornynglowe, to John Cokayn the elder,
William Prudhome,
and John Duffeld, chaplain, of all his lands and tenements which descended to the grantor by
right of
inheritance after the death of his said father in Hornynglowe, Stretton and Withmere. To hold of
the chief
lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Peter Gybon, Henry Jolipas, clerk, John Peyntour, John Clerc,
now steward of
the abbot of Burton. Burton. Seal. Endorsed [I6th cent.) : De Hornynglow Stretton & Nlynere.
283. Same date.
Letters of the same, appointing Peter Gybon his attorney to deliver seisin of the premises. Seal :
simple queue.
Endorsed as last. 284. 1408, 4 June [Monday in Whitsun week, 9 Hen. IV) Burton upon Trente.
Grant by Richard
Stanhop of Hougthton, co. Nottingham', kt., to Adam Balle and John Burlaston of Burton upon
Trent, chaplains,
of a piece of meadow in Burton called Birscothyrste, lying between the meadow of the tenants of
Hornynglowe and the grantor's meadow, which his tenants of Birscote hold of him, on S., and
the meadow of
the tenants of Hornynglowe on W., and the conygree of the abbot of Burton on N. To hold of the
chief lords,
etc. Warranty. Hanbury, Staffs. *Hawton, near Newark. 
BURTON-ON-TRENT AND HORNINGLOW 207 Witnesses: Thomas of Gresley, kt., Richard
Goumfrey, rector of
the church of Tatenhill, John of Detheke, Henry Bothe. Good armorial seal. Endorsed (16th
cent.] : De
Byrscotherst. 285. 1408, 5 June (Tuesday in Whitsun week, 9 Hen. IV) Burton upon Trent.
Letters of Richard
Stanhop, as above, appointing Henry Bothe and Peter Gybon of Burton his attorneys to deliver
seisin of the
premises (called Bryscothyrste) to Adam Balle and John Burlaston. Seal as above (broken).
Simple queue. 286.
1408 [9 Hen. IV). 8 June. Notyngham. Bond by Richard Stanhop of Hoghton, co. Notyngham, to
Adam Ball and
John Burlaston, chaplains, of Burton-on-Trent, in 100 marks, payable at Notyngham at Christmas
next. Two
seals : simple queues. 287. 1414-5, 9 Feb. [Saturday after the Purification of B.V.M., 2 Hen. V).
Stretton.
Release and quitclaim by John of Bedenale, son and heir of John of Bedenale of Lychefeld, to
John of Fyndern,
lord of Stretton in le Felde, cos. Derby and Leycester, of all his right in the manor of Stretton,
together with the
advowson of the church of the same, and in all other lands, tenements, etc. in the towns of
Stretton,
Okethorp, Durandesthorp, Wyllesley, Goppeshill, Twycrosse, Appulby, Childecote, Amynton,
Eddenynghale and
Stonton, cos. Derby, Leicester, Warwick, Northampton and Stafford'. Warranty. Witnesses:
Thomas of Gresley,
Thomas Mawreward, kts., Aluered Lathebury, Richard Venion of Horlaston, Thomas Astley of
Appulby, John
son and heir of Thomas of 14´ miles S.W. of Ashby-de-la-Zouch. John, son of John Fyndern,
acquired the
manor and advowaon of Stretton in 1412 (Cox. Chh. of Derbyshire III., 485-6). *"Stonton is
uncertain. Stretton-
en-le-Field, Oakthorpe, Donisthorpe, Willesley, Gopsall, Twycross, Appleby and Chilcote are
now all in
Leicestershire; Amington is in Warwickshire, and Edingale in Staffordshire. Although
Northamptonshire is
mentioned, none of these places are in it. 
208 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Appulby. Thomas Aylemond, rector of the
church of Stretton',
William Marschall, Henry Holand. Seal. 288. 1456-7, 5 Jan. [Wednesday, the vigil of the
Epiphany, 35 Hen. VII.
Chapter house of the abbey of Burton. Grant by William the abbot of the monastery of Burton
upon Trent',
and the convent of the same place, to William Prudhom of the same, of all the lands, meadows
and tenements
which the same William Prudhom holds of them in chief in the town, fields and meadows of
Hornynglowe,
Stretton and Wightmer, the which John Gobert sometime had and held of the gift and grant of
dan Robert, dan
Lawrence', and the other abbots of the same monastery, to wit, four bovates of land in the fields
aforesaid,
and two acres of meadow in little Sidhalogh, for the yearly rent of 43. 6d. Also the toft and croft
which was of
Roger Cusserell', with eight acres of land appertaining to the same in Horninglowe; and 14 acres
of land and
half an acre of meadow of demesne (dominicis), for the yearly rent of 2s. Also a nook (noca) of
land in le lytull
Stubbes, and six acres of meadow in the meadowa of the said town for the yearly rent of
sevenpence. Also a
haugh of meadow in the said little Sidhaloh, for the yearly rent of sixpence. To hold, etc.,
rendering to the said
abbot and convent and their successors the rent aforesaid at two terms in the year, to wit, 3s. 6d.
at the
Nativity of Si John Baptist, and 3s. 6d. at St Martin in the winter. Seal of the abbot and convent
(top broken). In
chief, triple niche, with B.V.M. seated, holding the Child, in the middle, between standing
figures of an abbess,
right, and an abbot, left, each holding crosier and book. At foot, in roundheaded compartment,
the abbot and
convent kneeling, between two shields, viz. right, a cross flory between four birds; left, a cross
engrailed,
apparently charged with five Thomas Aylemond was instituted in 1392, at the presentation of
Adomar de
Lichfield, lord of Stretton. He appears to have resigned shortly after, but was instituted a second
time in 1400,
at the presentation of John Audeby and others, the trustees of Margaret, relict of Adomar de
Lichfield. He died
in 1424 (Cox. Chh. of Derbyshire III., 487). 2William Bronston, elected abbot March, 1454-5,
died before 15
March, 1472-3 (Cal. Pat. Rolls 452-1461. p. 229; 1467-1477, p. 395). *Abbot before 1222. "See
No. 272.
*Apparently Casserell in other copy; but in No. 272 the name is Reginald Tasserel, which has
been wrongly
copied in this later deed. 
BURTON-ON-TRENT AND HORNINGLOW 209 acallops (2). In margin, Gothic letters:
[Sigillulm commune
monasterii de burton super Trent). Endorsed (l6th cent.) : De Burton, Hornynglowe, Stretton et
Wytmer. 288A.
Another copy of the same. Seal much broken. Endorsed : De Hornynglow Stretton et Wytmer.
289. 1509-10 [1
Hen. VIII). 13 March. Indenture (English) of lease by Edward Prudholme of Burton upon Trent,
gentillman, to
George Lathburye of Burton, yoman, of a piece of meadow called Briscote hurst within the
meadows of
Burton, containing 32 acres', for 49 years from the Annunciation of our Lady next following; at a
yearly rent of
43s. 4d. payable at Michaelmas. The said George, during the said term, shall set and let the
meadow to his
most advantage. Seal (broken). 290. 1513 15 Hen. VIII). 20 May. Indenture JEnglish) of lease to
William Beyne',
abbot of the monastery of our Lady St Marye and St Moduenne of Burton upon Trent, by Edward
Purdon',
gentilman, of all his meadow called Brusingcote hurste within the lordship of Burton, for sixty
years from the
feast of the Nativity of St John Baptist next, for the yearly rent of 3s. 4d., to be paid at
Michaelmas and Lady
day by even portions. Right of distraint for arrears after any of the said terms. Seal gone. 291.
Same date.
Grant and confirmation by Edward Purdon, gentilman, to George lord Hastynges, William
Greysley, Antony
Fytzherbert, esqq., John Stanley, John Fydcok and John Fysshewik, of his meadow called
Brusingcote hurste,
lying within the lordship of Burton upon Trent. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Power
of attorney to
John Chambre and Roger Marler to deliver seisin. Witnesses: Hugh Wiche, bailiff of Burton;
Thomas Haster,
Richard Malton, constables of the same town, Thomas Walker, George Lathbury. Signed:
Edward Prudhome.
Seal. See Nos. 284 286. William Beyne or Bene, elected abbot June, 1502 (Cal. Pat. Rolls
1494-1509, p. 264),
died by 6 Feb., 1530-1 (L. & P. H. VIII., v. 55). 2.c., Prudehome. 
210 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Endorsed: (1) Burton super Trent. (2) Thes ben
the names of them
that were present at the deliuere of possession to John Stanley in the name of his cofeoffez within
named.
Thomas Myddelton, Hugh Wych, bailif of Burton, John Agard, William Knesall, William
Bradburne, Thomas
Haster, Richard Malton, Edmunde Kyrkham and othr'. 292. 1513 15 Hen. VIIII, 24 May. Bond by
Edward Purdon,
gentilman, to William Beyne, abbot of the monastery of St Mary and St Modwen the virgins of
Burton-on-
Trent, in 100 marks. Obligation : the said Edward, for the sum of ú39 paid by the said abbot,
shall suffer the
said abbot to occupy all his meadow called Brusingcote hurste, lying within the Nethir Conyngre,
within the
lordship of Burton, for the term of 6 years, without any claim, suit or disturbance of the said
Edward or
Margaret his wife, for any jointure or dower hereafter therein by her to be claimed, or of the heirs
of the said
Edward, etc. Fragment of seal : simple queue. 293. 1513 15 Hen. VIII), 1 June. Release and
quitclaim by Edward
Purdon to George lord Hastynges and the other feoffees named, of all his right in a meadow
called Brusingcote
hurste and in every parcel thereof. Warranty. Signed: Edward Prudhome. Seal. 294. 1515 [7 Hen.
VIII), 9 May.
Grant and confirmation by Edward Prudehome, gentilman, to sir Thomas Leeche, chaplain, of a
messuage in
Hornynglowe, and of all his lands, tenements, etc., in the same. To hold of the chief lord, etc.
Warranty. Power
of attorney to Bartholomew Richardeson and Robert Henson to deliver seisin. Witnesses: Hugh
Wyche, bailiff
of Burton, Richard Walker, sir Richard Pleasaunce, William Richardson, Roger Marler. Signed:
Edward
Prudhome. Seal. Endorsed: Hornynglowe. 
BURTON-ON-TRENT AND HORNINCLOW 211 295. 1515 17 Hen. VIII, 2 June. Release and
quitclaim by Edward
Purdon, gent. to Thomas Leeche, chaplain, of his right in the premises in Hornynglow, co.
Stafford. Signed:
Edward Prudhome. Seal (broken). 296. 1521 113 Hen. VIII), 4 November. Indenture [English) of
bargain and
sale by Edward Prudhom, gentylman, of Loghborowe, co. Leycestre, to William Wigston the
vounger of
Leycestre, merchant of the staple at Calis, of a messe place in Hornynglowe in the parish of
Burton upon Trent,
co. Stafford, with all the lands, tenements, etc., belonging to the same, lying in the town and
fields of
Hornynglowe, Stretton, and Wyghtmer, to the yearly value of five nobles by year above charges.
Also of a
meadow called Brysyngcote hurste, lying within the lordship of Burton upon Trent. Estate to be
made before
Christmas or at any time after the said feast as shall be devised. The said William shall pay ú85,
of the which
the said Edward acknowledges himself to be well and truly contented at the sealing of these
indentures, and
the said William, his heirs and executora, to be discharged for ever of the same. per me
Edwardum Prudhome.
Seal. 297. 1521 [13 Hen. VIII), 20 Nov. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Leeche, chaplain, to
William Wigston
the younger of Leycestre, merchant of the staple of the town of Calais, master Thomas Wygston,
clerk, William
Gillot and Edward Fissher, chaplains, of a messuage or tenement, with all lands, meadows, etc.,
and all his
hereditaments whatsoever, situate in Hornynglow, co. Stafford, the which premises he lately had
of the gift,
grant and feoffment of Edward Purdon, gent., as by charter'. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to
the use of the
said William Wigston and the performance of his last will. Warranty. Power of attorney to
Thomas Middelton,
gent., to deliver seisin. Signed : Thomas Leche prest. Seal. See Noe. 294, 295. 
212 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Endorsed : Thes were present when Thomas
Middelton delyuerd
possession and seyson to sir Edward Fysher and in the name of his cofeoffes. John Saunder of
Burton upon
vpon (sic) Trent draper, William Morley of the same seruant to the abbott of Burton aforseid,
Thomas Dawkens
of Leic, Bartholomew Richardson of Hornynglow, William Harryson, Thomas Clerk, John Clerk,
John Clerk the
younger, Richard Whildon. Thomas Cothell, William Hagoodday and other the day and yere
within writen at
which day the abof named Thomas Clerk beyng tenaunt atturned by a jd. yevyn to the said
Eduerd Fysher to
the use of the within named William Wigston merchaunt. 298. Same date. Delivery, grant and
confirmation by
George lord Hastynges, Anthony Fytzherbert, king's serjeant at law, John Stanley, John Fydcok,
and John
Fysshewyk, to William Wygston the younger of Leycestre, merchant, etc., master Thomas
Wigston, clerk,
William Gillott, and Edward Fisher, chaplain, of their meadow called Brusingcote hurste, lying
within the
lordship of Burton upon Trent, which they together with William Greysley, kt., deceased, lately
had of the gift,
grant and feoffment of Edward Purdon, gent., as by charter. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the
use of the
said William Wigston and the performing of his last will. Power of attorney to Thomas
Myddelton, gent., to
deliver seisin. Five seals, with signatures above : G. Hastynge, Antony Ff. John Stanley, John
Fydcock, John
Fishwyke. Endorsed: Thes were present when Thomas Middelton delyuerd possession and
season to sir
Edward Fisher and his cofeffes according to this dede. Hugh Wiche then Bayley of Burton,
Edmunde Kirkam
vnder Beyly John Saunder of Burton forsey (sic) draper, John Chaterton, Thomas Clerke jun.,
and John Pykfork
of the same, John Clerk of Hornynglow and other the day and yere is in writen. Brysyngcote
Hurst. 299. 1521
113 Hen. VIII), 1 December. Release and quit-claim by Thomas Leeche, chaplain, to William
Wygston the
younger of Leycester, merchant, etc., master Thomas See Nos. 291, 293. 
BURTON-ON-TRENT AND HORNINGLOW 213 Wigston. clerk. William Gillott, and Edward
Fyssher, chaplain, of
all his right in the premises las in No. 297]. Signed : Thomas Leche prest. Seal. 300. 1521-2, 3
February [Morrow
oj the Purification, 13 Hen. VIII). Final concord in the king's court at Westminster, before Robert
Brudenell,
Richard Elyot, Lewis Pollard and Richard Broke, justices, between William Wygston, Thomas
Wygston, clerk,
William Gyllot, clerk, and Edward Fyssher, querents, and Edward Prudhom, gentilman, and
Margaret his wife,
deforciants, concerning a messuage, 80 acres of land, 40 acres of meadow, 20 acres of pasture,
and 6 acres of
wood in Hornynglowe, Burton upon Trent, Stretton, Whitner, and Brysyngcote Hurst, whereof a
plea of
covenant, etc. The said Edward and Margaret have recognised, etc., and have remitted and
quitclaimed, etc.,
as regards themselves and the heirs of the said Margaret, and have granted warranty. And for this
recognisance, etc., the same William, Thomas. William, and Edward Fissher have given to the
said Edward
Prudhom and Margaret 100 marks silver. Endorsed : Staff. Inter Willelmum Wygston et alios.
3004.
Counterpart of above. Endorsed : Deliberatur per proclamacionem secundum formam Statuti.
301. 1522 [14
Hen. VIII), 30 September. Grant and confirmation by William Wigston the younger of Leycester,
merchant, etc.,
to master Thomas Wigston, clerk. Roger Wigston, master William Gillott, clerk, Richard
Reynold, Robert
Harwar, John Westes, Edward Beyr, Roger Gillott, Ranulph Woyd, Nicholas Reynold, Thomas
Hynd, and Robert
Dauye, of all the messuages, lands, tenements, etc., which he has or any other person or persons
have to his
use in the lordship of Burton upon Trent and in the town and fields of Hornyngloo, co. Stafford.
To hold of the
chief lords, etc., to them, their heirs and assigns, for ever, to the need and use of sir William
Fyshar, clerk,
master or warden of the hospital of the said William Wigston in Leycester, sir Richard Walche
his confrater,
and the poor of the same hospital and successors, for the term of sixty years, with reversion to the 
 214 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS need and use of the said William Wigston and
his assigns, for the
performance and execution of his last will and free disposition. Warranty. Seal. Endorsed :
Burton super Trent.
Theys were present when sir Edward Fyshare preyst and Thomas Dawkyns delyverd seisun and
possession to
Roger Gillott and the feoffors for vse of sir William Fyshare and sir Richard Walche and the
bedmen of the
hospitall of William Wygston the zonger of Leycester. John Holowey of Burton vpon Trent, John
Gudcole of the
same, Thomas Peytt. Thomas Geyn, Richard Foxloo of the same, Harry Awsopp of Leycester and
other moo.
301A. Same date. Letters of William Wigston the younger. appointing sir Edward Fyshar, clerk,
and Thomas
Dawkyns his attorneys to deliver seisin of a meadow called Bryssyngcote hurst, lying within the
lordship of
Burton upon Trent, and of a messuage with all lands, meadows, etc., in the town and fields of
Hornyngloo, to
Thomas Wigston, clerk, and the other feoffees above named Jas in No. 30). Seal gone : simple
queue. 302.
Same date. Leicestre. Grant and confirmation by William Wygston of Leicester the younger,
merchant, etc., to
Thomas Wigston. clerk, Roger Wigston, esq., William Gyllot, clerk, Richard Reynolde, Robert
Harwar, Edward
Beyre, John Westes, Roger Gyllot, Nicholas Reynolde. Randulph Wood, Robert Davye, Thomas
Hynde, and
Thomas Clerke, of all his lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Hornyngloo, and also
of his meadow
called Brysingcote hurst, lying and being within the lordship of Burton upon Trent, which of late
he purchased
of the gift and feoffment of one Edward Prudehome alias Purdon, gent. To hold of the chief
lords, etc., to the
use of the said William Wigston and to the fulfilment therefrom of his last will. Warranty. Power
of attorney to
Richard Fynys and Thomas Dawkyns to deliver seisin. per me William Wygston jun' leycestrie
manu propria.
Seal. Endorsed : (1) Vse. Horninglo et Brasingcothurst. (2) Horningslow. 
DENTON 215 303. 1523 (15 Hen. VIII), 31 July. Leicester. Release and quit-claim by Thomas
Wigston, clerk, and
William Gillott, clerk, to Roger Wigston, esq., Richard Reynold, Robert Harwar, Thomas
Newton, Roger Gyllot,
Ralph Wood, John Westas, Edward Beyre, Nicholas Reynold and Thomas Hynde, of their right
in a meadow
called Bryssingcote hurst, lying within the lordship of Burton upon Trent, which they, together
with William
Wigston the younger of Leicester, had of the gift and feoffment of George Hastynges, lord of
Hastynges,
Anthony Fytzharbard, John Stanley, John Fydcoke, and John Fyshwycke; and also of a messuage
with all lands,
meadows, etc., situate and lying in the town and fields of Hornyngloo, which they lately had,
together with the
said William Wigston, of the gift and feoffment of Thomas Leche, chaplain. Two seals. VII.
DENTON 304. N.d.
Grant and confirmation by John, son of Gilbert Mome of Denton, to Geoffrey, son of Walter
Mome of Denton,
of four selions of arable land in the north field of Denton, to wit, a headland called the headland
of Thalysakyr.
and three selions upon Breydale, between the said headland and the land sometime Jof) Yves of
Garsyl of
Denton, and abutting upon the headland of Breydale eastward, and upon the land of Nicholas of
Lundyrthorp'
and that of Ralph, son of Thomas of Denton, westward. To hold of the said John and his heirs to
the said
Geoffrey, his heirs or his certain assigns, or to whomsoever or whensoever he will give or assign,
or in his last
days bequeath the premises, freely, quit, well and in peace and heritage, rendering therefor yearly
to the said
John and his heirs a farthing at the feast of St John Baptist for all secular services, customs, suits
of court, and
all demands which may be demanded from the said land. Warranty. Witnesses: William son of
Alan of Denton,
Walter Mome of Denton, Alan of Hundegate, Simon of Hundegate, Simon of the Temple, Robert
the clerk. Seal
gone. Londonihorge. 
 216 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 305. 1324-5, 18 February [Monday bejore St
Peter's Chair, 18 Edw.
II.] Denton. Grant and confirmation by Agnes, relict of John Alger in Denton, to Robert, son of
Geoffrey of the
same, and Letice his wife, and the heirs of their bodies lawfully procreate, of a toft called
Blaberthoft in
Garthes, with eight selions in the fields of Denton; whereof one selion lies upon Tyacre next the
land of John of
Melton, and two lie together in the Redherde next the land of Richard at the Well, and one lies at
le Milnedur,
next the land of Robert the reeve, and one lies at le Dedemor next the land of Thomas of
Barkeston, and a
headland lies at Chelesacre with two selions adjoining; and of an acre of meadow, whereof half
lies at
Springwellsik and the other part in the same furlong next the land of the abbot and convent of
Croxton. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Reversion to the heirs of the said Robert. Witnesses:
William son of Alan.
Adam Frankeleyne, of Denton; Alan le Couper, William of Holme. Seal. 306. 1328, 26 March
(Sat. after
Annunciation, 2 Edw. III.) Denton. Grant and confirmation by Robert, son of Geoffrey of
Denton, to Thomas,
son of Simon of Strouston', of a selion of arable land in the south field of Denton, lying upon
Longlond next the
land of John of Melton on W., and half an acre of meadow in the north field of the same, lying in
Mikkeldale
next the meadow of the abbot and convent of Croxton. To hold of the chief lords, etc., for a sum
of money
which the said Thomas has given in hand. Warranty. Witnesses: William son of Alan of Denton,
William of
Rollegarth, Alan Fraunkelayn, Roger in the Garthes, Johr Robert of Holm of the same, Thomas
the clerk. Seal.
307. 1328-9, 2 February (Purification of B.M., 3 Edw. III.) Grantham. Demise, grant and delivery
for a term by
Robert. son of Geoffrey of Denton, to Thomas, son of Simon of Stroxton, of two selions with a
headland on the
N., lying together in the north field of Denton upon le Breydall, next the land of Roger Herman
on N. To hold to
the said Thomas. Stroxton. 
DENTON 217 bis heirs and assigna, of the said Robert and his heirs, from the feast of the
Purification, 3 Edw. III,
for the term of sixty vears, for 40s. paid in hand. The said Robert binds himself, in case of any
breach of
agreement on the part of him, his heirs and executors, to pay 40s. to the said Thomas, his heirs
and executors,
at his place aforesaid, and 20s. to the lord of Grantham by name of amercement. Warranty.
Witnesses: William
son of Alan, John of Melton, Robert Herman, William of Holm, Walter of Rollegarth, all of
Denton; William the
clerk. Seal gone. 308. 1352, 30 December [Sunday after Christmas, 26 Edw. III.) Herlaston.
Grant and
confirmation by Walter Gygur of Herlaston' to John Barbur of Denton, of a selion of arable land
in the fields of
Herlaston, lying in le Westinham between the land of John of Barston and that of William Dawe.
To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Morys, John Barston, John Nicol, William Dawe,
William Dale, of
Herlaston. Seal. 309. 1355. 23 May (Saturday after St Dunstan the bishop, 29 Edw. III.) Denton.
Grant and
confirmation by Philip Franckeleyn of Denton to Geoffrey, son of Geoffrey Couper of the same,
of a selion of
arable land in the north field of Denton, lying, to wit, upon Brydell between the land of John of
Melton and
that of Ralph, son of Geoffrey Couper, and abutting westward upon Langwellgate, and eastward
upon
Breydelhedland. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Simon son of Walter, John
son of William,
John Couper. John Attewell, John son of Geoffrey Couper, of Denton. Seal gone. 310. 1357, 30
April (Sunday
after St Mark, 31 Edw. III.) Denton. Grant and confirmation by Philip Franckeleyne of Denton to
Geoffrey, son
of Geoffrey Couper of the same, of a selion of arable land in the north field of Denton, to wit.
upon Breydale,
next the land of John of Melton on one side. Harlaxton 
 216 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 305. 1324-5, 18 February [Monday bejore St
Peter's Chair 18 Edw.
II.] Denton. Grant and confirmation by Agnes, relict of John Alger in Denton, to Robert, son of
Geoffrey of the
same, and Letice his wife, and the heirs of their bodies law. fully procreate, of a toft called
Blaberthoft in
Garthes, with eight selions in the fields of Denton; whereof one selion lies upon Tyacre next the
land of John of
Melton, and two lie together in the Redherde next the land of Richard at the Well. and one lies at
le Milnedur,
next the land of Robert the reeve, and one lies at le Dedemor next the land of Thomas of
Barkeston, and a
headland lies at Chelesacre with two selions adjoining; and of an acre of meadow, whereof half
lies at
Springwellsik and the other part in the same furlong next the land of the abbot and convent of
Croxton. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Reversion to the heirs of the said Robert. Witnesses:
William son of Alan,
Adam Frankeleyne, of Denton; Alan le Couper, William of Holme. Seal. 306. 1328, 26 March
(Sat. after
Annunciation, 2 Edw. III. Denton. Grant and confirmation by Robert, son of Geoffrey of Denton,
to Thomas, son
of Simon of Strouston', of a selion of arable land in the south field of Denton, lying upon Long.
lond next the
land of John of Melton on W., and half an acre of meadow in the north field of the same, lying in
Mikkeldale
next the meadow of the abbot and convent of Croxton. To hold of the chief lords, etc., for a sum
of money
which the said Thomas has given in hand. Warranty. Witnesses: William son of Alan of Denton,
William of
Rollegarth, Alan Fraunkelayn, Roger in the Garthes, John  Robert of Holm of the same, Thomas
the clerk. Seal.
307. 1328-9, 2 February [Purification of B.M., 3 Edw. III. Grantham. Demise, grant and delivery
for a term by
Robert. son of Geoffrey of Denton, to Thomas, son of Simon of Stroxton, of two selions with a
headland on the
N., lying together in the north field of Denton upon le Breydall, next the land of Roger Herman
on N. To hold to
the said Thomas. Stroxton. 
DENTON 217 bie heirs and assigns, of the said Robert and his heirs, from cbe feast of the
Purification, 3 Edw.
III, for the term of sixty vears, for 40s. paid in hand. The said Robert binds himself, in case of
any breach of
agreement on the part of him, his beirs and executors, to pay 40s. to the said Thomas, his heirs
and executors,
at his place aforesaid, and 20s. to the lord of Grantham by name of amercement. Warranty.
Witnesses: William
son of Alan, John of Melton, Robert Herman, William of Holm, Walter of Rollegarth, all of
Denton: William the
clerk. Seal gone. 308. 1352, 30 December [Sunday after Christmas, 26 Edw. III.J Herlaston.
Grant and
confirmation by Walter Gygur of Herlaston' to John Barbur of Denton, of a selion of arable land
in the fields of
Herlaston, lying in le Westinham between the land of John of Barston and that of William Dawe.
To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Morys, John Barston, John Nicol, William Dawe,
William Dale, of
Herlaston. Seal. 309. 1355. 23 May [Saturday after St Dunstan the bishop, 29 Edw. III.) Denton.
Grant and
confirmation by Philip Franckeleyn of Denton to Geoffrey, son of Geoffrey Couper of the same,
of a selion of
arable land in the north field of Denton, lying, to wit, upon Brydell between the land of John of
Melton and
that of Ralph, son of Geoffrey Couper, and abutting westward upon Langwellgate, and eastward
upon
Breydelhedland. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Simon son of Walter, John
son of William,
John Couper, John Attewell, John son of Geoffrey Couper, of Denton. Seal gone. 310. 1357, 30
April (Sunday
after St Mark, 31 Edw. III.) Denton. Grant and confirmation by Philip Franckeleyne of Denton to
Geoffrey, son
of Geoffrey Couper of the same, of a selion of arable land in the north field of Denton, to wit,
upon Breydale,
next the land of John of Melton on one side. Harlaxton 
218 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS and that of Richard, son of Geoffrey Couper,
upon the other. and
abutting eastward upon Breydale hedlande, and west ward upon Langwelgate'. To hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: John Attewelle, Richard Greyne, John Herman, Richard son of Geoffrey,
John son of
William, of Denton. Seal gone. 311. 1361, 6 May (St John Port Latin, 45 Edw. III. Denton. Grant
and
confirmation by Elen Julian of Denton to Geoffrey Couper of Denton of four selions of arable
land, viz. one
upon Breydel in the north field of Denton, next the land of William son of John on N. and that of
the said Elen
on S., another under Thorpgate, next the land of William of Casthorp and abutting upon
Thorpegate westward,
another at Erthehowes, next the land of Roger Westone on N., and another in le Hay, next the
land of the said
Elen and abutting upon Kocdelsty southward and upon Thyrmondale northward. To hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: William son of John, John Frauncleyn, John son of Agnes, John son of
Geoffrey, of
Denton. Seal gone. 312. 1402, 26 May [Thursday after Corpus Christi, 3 Hen. IV.) Denton. Grant
and
confirmation by John Page of Herlaston to John Crane of Denton, of five selions of arable land in
the field of
Denton, viz. two upon Brodeleykes in the north field, with the grass headlands (cum capitibus
herbosis), next
the land of the abbot and convent of Croxton on N., and abutting upon the way which leads to
Casthorpp
eastwards; two in the same furlong, with the grass headlands, next the land sometime of John in
le Garthes on
N., and abutting upon Holbekes eastward; and the fifth at Stokwell. next the land of John Denton
on S. and
that of Geoffrey Couper on N. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Robert
Martyn, Simon atte
Persons, Richard Herman, John Coke, John Wymeswolde, of Denton. Seal gone. lApparently a
grant of the land
already mentioned in No. 309. *Casthorpe in the parish of Barrowby. 
DENTON 313. 1414, 26 Dec. [St Stephen, 2 Hen. V.] Denton. Grant and confirmation by
Richard Herman and
John Roper of Denton to John Crane of Denton, of a house in Denton in a street called Apethorp,
next the
king's way on E. and the messuage of Ralph of Reresby on W., with gardens, curtilages, etc., and
of three
selions of arable land in the fields of Denton, viz. one upon Breydell, between the land of lohn
Casthorp on N.
and that of Richard Wymeswolde on S., another at le Waterfores, between the land of the said
Richard and
that of Robert Milner on E., and the third upon le Hill. between the land of John Garthes on E.
and that of John
Couper on W. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Martyn, Richard
Wymeswolde,
Robert Greyve. John atte Well, Thomas son of Richard, John son of Geoffrey Couper. Two seals.
314. 1424, 18
Sept. [Monday after Holy Cross, 3 Hen. VI.) Denton. Grant of Nicholas, son of John Mayson of
Redmyld,
chaplain, to John, son of Geoffrey Couper of Denton, of all the lands and tenements, which he
lately had,
together with Thomas Page of Herlaston, deceased, of the gift and feoffment of the said John, in
the town and
territory of Denton. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Rolgarth,
Robert Milner,
Thomas son of Richard, William Braunston, Richard Glouer. Seal. 315. 1433 [II Hen. VII, 6
June. Denton. Grant
by William Bocher of Denton to sir Richard of Weston, rector of the church of Denton, John son
of Geoffrey of
Denton, and Thomas son of John Couper of Denton, of all those lands and tenements which he
late had of the
gift and feoffment of the said John in the town and territory of Denton. To hold of the chief lords,
etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Marton, Richard Glouer, Thomas Diconson, of Denton. Broken
seal. Endorsed :
Carta Nicholai Cowper de Harlaxston. 
220 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 316. 1438-9, 12 March (St Gregory the pope, 17
Hen. VI.) Denton.
Grant and confirmation by William Suthfolk of Denton to John Sutton of the same, of a cottage
with the
curtilage adjoining in Denton, lying between the land of Ralph Shyrley, kt., on one side, and that
of William
Burton on the other, the which the said William lately had of the gift and feoffment of John
Gryse of Denton,
together with Henry Moke, late rector of the church of Cotesbeche', deceased, To hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: John Orped, William Orped, John Maynard, John Wylkyns, John Stone, of
Denton.
Fragment of seal. Endorsed (late hand): Feoff. Willelmi Southfolk Johanni Sutton de cottagio in
Denton. 317.
1458, 27 July (Thursday after St Anne, 36 Hen. VI. Harlaxston. Grant and confirmation by
Robert Swyfte of
Harlaxston to Richard Godryk of Grantham and Nicholas Cowper of Denton, of all his lands,
tenements, etc., in
the town and fields of Harlaxston. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas
Bluett, John
Repyngale, Richard Wyvell, John Burley, Richard Walsche. Seal (broken). 318. 1459-60, 24
February (St
Matthias, 38 Hen. VI.) Harlaxston. Grant and confirmation, in her pure widowhood. by Emma,
late the wife of
John Bekett, and sometime the wife of John Crane of Denton, to Nicholas Cowper of Denton and
Alice his wife,
of a selion of arable land lying in the west field of Harlaxston in the place called Westinnam,
between the land
of William Goodryk, chaplain, on S., and that of John Repyngale on N., and abutting upon the
common sewer
between the fields of Harlaxston and Denton westward, and upon the headland sometime of
Robert Fenne
castward. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Repyngale, Simon Welby,
Richard Wywell,
John Wessell, John at Welle, William Grene, Richard Wellynggowr, of Harlaxston. Seal.
Cotesbach, near
Lutterworth. 
DENTON 221 319. 1469 18 Edw. IV). 9 June. Denton. Grant and confirmation by Thomas
Cowper, vicar of the
parish church of Mounskyrkeby', co. Warwick, to Nicholas Cowper of Harlaxton his brother,
William Welles,
parish chaplain of Mounskyrkeby, William Haddon, warden of the college of Babelak in
Couentre', and John
Mulkastur, bailiff of Munskyrkeby, of all the lands and tenements which the said Thomas,
together with
Richard Weston, late of Denton, clerk, and John son of Geoffrey of the same, deceased, had
sometime of the
gift and feoffment of William Bocher of Denton, in the town and territory of the same'. To hold
of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Walker, John Rollegarthe, Walter Wellyngowr, Richard
Wellyngowr,
Richard Willowghby, of Denton. Seal. 320. 1491 16 Hen. VIII, 10 May. Delivery, demise and
confirmation by
William Welles, late parish chaplain of Mounskyrkeby, co. Warwick, and John Mulkastur, bailiff
of
Mounskyrkeby, to John Cowper, Richard Cowper and Robert Cowper, chaplains, sons of
Nicholas Cowper, late
of Harlaxston, deceased, of all the lands and tenements in the town and territory of Denton,
which the said
William and John Mulkastur, together with the said Nicholas and William Haddon, late warden
of the college of
Babclak (sic) in Couentre, lately had of the gift and feoffment of Thomas Cowper, perpetual
vicar of the parish
church of Mounskyrkeby. as by charter appears. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Power of attorney
to John
Elstowe of Muston, co. Leicester. husbondman, to deliver seisin. One seal gone. 321. 1504-5 [20
Hen. VII), 1
February. Indenture of bargain and sale by Rauf Knok of London, taylour, and Alys his wife,
daughter and heir
of Thomas Cowper, late of Harlaxston, deceased, to Robert Wylkynson of Harlaxston, yoman, of
a mese, 60
acres of land, 20 acres of meadow, 20 acres of pasture and 10 acres of wood in Denton, for ever.
Monks' Kirby.
*The college of St John Baptist in Bablake, the west cuburb of Coventry. "See No. 315. 
222 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Estate to be made before Easter next. The said
Robert has paid ú10.
Two seals. 322. 1504-5 [20 Hen. VIII, 12 February. Westminster, Recovery by Robert
Wylkynson, Richard
Wylkynson and George Carre of the premises from Ralphe Knok and Alice his wife, by writ of
entry upon
disseisin in le post, before Thomas Frowyk, kt., and his fellows, the king s justices of the Bench.
Tested by T.
Frowyk. [Muscote) Royal seal. 323. 1504-5 [20 Hen. VII), 20 February. Letters of Ralph Knok,
citizen and cutter
of London, and Alice his wife, daughter and heir of Thomas Cowper of Harlaxston, deceased,
constituting
Thomas Day and Thomas Welby their attorneys to deliver seisin of the premises to Robert
Wylkynson. Two
seals. 324. 1505 [20 Hen. VII.), 10 May. Quitclaim by Ralph Knok and Alice his wife to Robert
Wylkynson,
yoman, of their right in those messuage, curtilage, garden and croft of land in Denton, between
the land of
William Rolgarth on E and the common way towards the E., and the king s way on S., and le
Comon Sewer on
N., which were late of the said Ralph and Alice, and sometime of Thomas Cowper, the father of
Alice, and
aforetime of Nicholas Cowper, the father of the said Thomas, which the said Robert recovered by
writ of entry
before the king's justices of the Bench. Warranty. Two seals. 325. 1515-6 17 Hen. VIII), 16
February. Quit-claim
by John Cowper, Richard Cowper and Robert Cowper, chaplains, sons of Nicholas Cowper, late
of Harlaxston,
deceased, to George Carre of Sleford, gentilman, and Richard Wylkynson of Harlaxston, yoman,
to the need
and use of the said Richard Wylkynson, of all their right in all lands and tenements which the
said grantors had
of the gift, grant and 
DENTON 223 charter of William Welles, chaplain, and John Mulcastur, in the town and territory
of Denton'.
Warranty. Three seals. 326. 1524 [16 Hen. VIIII. 1 July. London. Grant and confirmation by Joan
Elston, widow,
late the wife of John Elston and daughter of Nicholas Cowper, late of Denton, in her pure
widowhood, to
William Wygston the younger of Leycestre, merchant of the staple of Calais, and to Thomas
Wigston and
William Fyssher, clerks, of all her lands, tenements, etc. in the town and fields of Harlaxston or
elsewhere
within the parish of Harlaxston. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Power of attorney to
Robert Clerk of
Croxston to deliver seisin. Three seals : on tags; per me Johannem Cowper; per me Jane Elston;
per me Ricd.
Cooper. Endorsed : Hij testes pro deliberacione seisine infrascripte carte : Willelmus Brighows
clericus, Thomas
Welby, Willelmus Whytt, Ricardus Lyell, cum multis aliis. 27. Same date. Indentures of bargain
and sale by
Johane Elston, widow, late the wife of John Elston and daughter unto Nicholas Cowper of
Denton, deceased, to
William Wygston of Leycitur, the younger, merchant of the staple at Calais, of all such meses,
lands and
tenements, etc., lying and being in the town and fields of Harlaxston or elsewhere within the
parish of
Harlaxston that late were the said Nicholas Cowper s, and by him given unto the said Johane and
her heirs at
the time of her marriage. Estate to be made when required. The said William has paid ú15
sterling in full
payment. per me Jane Elston. Seal. 328. 1524 [16 Hen. VIII), 2 October. Release and quitclaim
by John Cowper
and Richard Cowper of London, clerks, sons of Nicholas Cowper, late of Denton, deceased, to
William Wigston
the younger of Leycester, mercant of the staple of Calais, Thomas Wigston and William Fyshar,
clerks, of all
their right in all the lands, tenements, etc. in See No. 320. 
 224 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS the town and fields of Harlaston, which were
late of the said
Nicholas. One seal gone : simple queue. 329. 1529 [21 Hen. VIIII, 20 October. Leicestre. Grant
and confirmation
by Richard Wilkenson, son and heir of Robert Wilkenson of Harlaxston, deceased, to William
Wigston the
younger of Leicester, merchant of the staple of Calais, master Thomas Wigston, William Gyllot,
clerks, and
Robert Clarke of Croston, yoman, of a messuage in the town of Denton between the land of
William Rolgarth
on E. and the common way westward and the king's way on S. and le common sewer on N. with
all lands, etc.,
in the town and fields of Denton. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the need and use of the said
William
Wigston. Warranty. Power of attorney to Edward Woldham and William Whyte to deliver seisin.
per me
Rycardum Wylkynson. Seal. 330. 1534 (26 Hen. VIII), a month from Easter. Westminster. Final
concord before
Robert Norwiche, Anthony Fitzherbert, Thomas Englefeld and William Shelley, justices,
afterwards granted and
recorded in the octaves of Trinity, between William Wygston the younger, merchant of the staple
of Calais,
Thomas Wygston, clerk, William Gillott, clerk, and Robert Clerke, querents, and Richard
Wilkynson and
Elizabeth his wife, deforciants, of a messuage, 60 acres of land, 20 acres of meadow, 20 acres of
pasture and
ten acres of wood in Denton', whereof a plea of covenant was summoned between them : to wit,
that the said
Richard and Elizabeth recognised the said tenements to be the right of the same William
Wygston, as those
which he and the same Thomas, William Gillott and Robert have of the gift of the said Richard
and Elizabeth,
and remitted and quit-claimed them from the same Richard and Elizabeth and the heirs of
Elizabeth to the said
William, Thomas, William and Robert, and to the heirs of the same William Wigston, with
warranty. The same
William, Thomas, William and Robert gave ú40 to the said Richard and Elizabeth. Endorsed:
Deliberatur per
proclam' secundum formam statuti. See No. 321. 
DENTON 3304. Counterpart of same. Endorsed : Lincoln ss. Inter Willelmum Wigston Jun'
Mercatorem stapule
ville Calis et alios 331. 1544 136 Hen. VIII), 22 Dec. Indenture of bargain and sale by William
Wigston of Combe,
co. Warwick, esq. to Henry Barns, citizen and grocer of London, Robert Pachett of Leycestre.
William Gillot of
the same and Walter Browne of the same, clerks, of his messuage in Denton with all other his
lands, meadows,
etc. in the town and fields of Denton. To be delivered before Easter next. The said Henry, Robert,
William and
Walter have paid ú.18. Per me Willelmum Wygston. Fragment of seal. 331A. Counterpart of
same. Seals gone.
332. 1544 [36 Hen. VIII), 23 December. Grant and confirmation by William Wigston of Combe,
co. Warwick,
esq., to Henry Barnes, citizen and grocer of London, Robert Pachet of Leicestre, William Gillot
of the same and
Walter Browne of the same, clerks, of a messuage in the town of Denton, between the land of
William
Rolgarth on E. and the common way westward, and the king's way on S. and le common sewer
on N. with all
lands, etc., in the town and fields of Denton. To hold to the said Henry, Robert, William Gillot
and Walter of the
chief lords, etc., to the need and use of the said Henry. etc. and their assigns. Warranty. Power of
attorney to
Thomas Thorpp and John Reede, clerk, to deliver seisin. per me W. Wigston. Small seal with
arms of Wigston.
333. [An anonymous letter relating to land in Allington and Denton : it appears to be written
temp. James 1.
Tell the owners and occupiers of one messuage lxxx score acres of lande xxxte acres of medowe
and xl te acres
of pastures of pasture with the appurtinanc' in Allington, and of one messuage xl te acres of lande
twelve acres
of medowe ond six acres of pasture with the appurt' tenements in Denton that vnles order be
taken the next
terme they wilbe sezed for a debt of cccc markes due by William Wigston of Woolston 
 226 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS in the countie of Warwicke esq. and others
vnto the Kings mate that
now is. This note was brought to me vppon the l8th of Jan. by Ralf Raynold of Allington and
young Clifton of
Denton, who told me that this note (or the contentes of it) was sent to them from the sheriffe of
Lincolne shire
by one of his bailifes, but they could not tell me the name either of the hye sheriffe or vnder
sheriffe of that
countye. thinck you shall meet with the vndersheriffe of Lincolne shire at London in the terme
tyme and that
you may inquir him out by the name of his office. And (yf you finde him) your speediest way to
learn the
originall and estate of the aforsayd danger wilbe by him. And yf you cannot finde him, it may be
you may
learne of it in the exchecker. / But it would be in myne opinion a good helpe and readiness vnto
you yf you
would step hither though it be but for one night (before you goe to London.) to peruse the
evidences wherby
the 2 tenements aforesayd weare conveied to the house, that so you may be resolved wheathen
that William
Wigston of Woolston in W. shire was ever seised of the sayd landes and tenementes or not, for l
should thinck
that he lived over lately to have had any title in these landes yf they wear conveied to the
hospitall neare the
tyme of the founding of it, because I know the very same William W. a knight dwelling in
Coventry about 44
years since. I suspect that this trouble is procured by Thornedikes meanes. I pray God to deliver
va well from it,
but you must have an especiall care of it in tyme, that your tenantes may not be troubled. Do
such, yff it be
possible to prevent it. Wherin the doo earnestly intreate you protection. A note of such deedes as
1 have
founde that may perhaps doe some good to avoyde the trouble that is threatened vnto the
hospitall landes in
Allington and Denton. First 2 coppyes of fynes acknowledged, in the 36 of H. 8, of landes in
Denton and
Allington vnto Henry Barnes of London, Robert Paget, William Gillot and Walter Browne. by
William Wigston of
Combe in Warrwick shire esquier. which no doubt was that W. Wigston of Wulson for whose
debt this trouble
is pretended. These 2 coppyes l have sent you because they will leade you to the recordes.
Secondly I finde 4
seurall deedes (that did lead the sayd fines) wherby the sayd William Wigston did convey and
passe vnto the
afore named persons in that 36 of H.8. In two of 
FOSTON them of one messuage and landes in Denton and the third of 3 messuages, one capitall
messuage in
Allington and of an other in Denton and of a third in ./ And the 4 deed is an indenture of
covenantes for the
assuring of Reinoldes his tenement in Allington by name and of an other in Denton. / but I find
not the
conveyance of those landes to the hospitall by the above named 4 persons. Thirdly there is a
release by 2
feoffes (at the founders request) vnto the hospitall of all the landes they weare instated in
(togeather with the
founder) in Allington and Harlaston ex dono et feoffamento Elizabeth Dalby vidue vel Johane
Elston vidue.
Fourth I find 4 deedes dated the 18¯ H.8/ wherof 2 of them I take to be the very same in effect
namely to
enfeoffe the hospitall in 2 messuges in Foston and of 2 messuges in Allington and of one in
Harlaston, and
these be of the founders owne hand and seale / The 3 is his letter of attorney for the delivering of
possession
to the hospitall according to the aforeseyd deedes, and the 4th is the hospitalls letter of attorny for
their
receiving of the sayd possessions. Which deedes 1 thought not good to send you now, because yf
you finde
that any of them will doe you good, vppon direction from you they may be sent you vp to
London./ And in the
meane while I thought best not to send them vnless there be neede. VIII. FOSTON. 334. N.d. *
Grant by William
Mauger in Foston to Henry of the Chamber in Binigton, his heirs, assigns, or to whomsoever he
will give, sell or
bequeath them, of two selions of arable land in the territory of Foston in the west field, whereof
one lies in
Thyrepittis between the land of John Kaunte and that of Walter Gerard, and the other at le
Clifnishende
between the land of Alice Mauger and that of Walter Gerard, abutting at one head upon
Becforlang. To hold to
them, their heirs and assigns of the said William and his heirs, rendering therefor yearly a root of
ginger at the
feast of St John Baptist for all services, etc. Warranty. lhe dates of this and several subsequent
charters seem
to be c. 1280-1290. 
228 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: sir Richard (2)', then vicar in
Binigton, William Spainson of
the same, Ralph of Westburg, master Ralph the clerk. Alan of Scaudeford, Robert of Scaudeford,
Robert the
clerk, Hugh of Hyledic in Foston. Seal gone. 335. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Henry of the
Chamber in
Bynigton to Henry his nephew, of two selions of arable land in the territory of Foston in the west
field, viz. one
in Thyspittis (sic), between the land of John Kaunt and that of Walter Gerad (sic); and the other
at le
Clifnishende, between the land of Alice Mauger and that of Walter Gerard, abutting at one head
upon
Becfrerelang. To hold of the said Henry, his heirs or assigns, rendering therefor yearly a root of
ginger at the
feast of St John Baptist. Warranty. Witnesses: Sir Ralph, vicar of Bynigton; William Sampson,
Ralph of
Westeburg', Ralph the clerk, Alan of Scaldeford, Hugh of Hilledik in Foston. Seal. 336. N.d.
Grant and
confirmation by William, son of Thomas le Palmer of Foston, to Henry, son of William Kniht of
Brantiston', his
heirs or assigns, or to whomsoever he will give, sell, bequeath or assign it, wheresoever and
whensoever, both
in sickness and in good health, of two selions of land in the territory of Foston; whereof one lies
at Slekfores,
between the land of Walter son of Thomas at the Well and that of Walter Leuet, with one head
abutting
westward, and the other eastward; and the other selion lies by le Wodegate next the land
sometime of Richard
Thedrik, with one head abutting eastward and the other westward, with all the appurtenances
within the town
and without, to so much land appertaining. To hold of the said grantor, his heirs and assigns,
freely, etc.,
rendering a root of ginger yearly on St John Baptist's day, for all services, etc. Warranty. The
said Henry has
given for this confirmation a sum of money as Fessorn. Witnesses: Hugh of Hildik in Foston,
William of Stilton
of the same. Henry of the Chamber in Binigton, William Probably the name should be Ralph.
Branston. 
FOSTON 229 Sampson, Ralph of Westburg, Robert of Scaldeford, John son of Ralph. Geoffrey
Couayn. Seal.
337. N.d. Grant and confirmation by William, son of Thomas le Palmer of Foston, to Henry, son
of William Kniht
of Branteston, of a selion of arable land in the territory of Foston, lying at the south head of the
town of the
same, between the land of Gilbert son of Geoffrey and that of Geoffrey le Breuor, and abutting at
one head
upon the land of Walter upon the Hill, and at the other towards the pit of Walter in the Corner.
To hold of the
said William and his heirs or assigns, rendering therefor yearly a root of ginger at Christmas.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Hugh of Hildik' in Foston, William of Stilton of the same, Henry of the Chamber in
Binigton, William
Sampson of the same, Ralph of Westburg', Robert of Scaldeford. Geoffrey Couayn. Seal gone.
338. N.d. Grant
and confirmation by William, son of Thomas le Palmer of Foston, to Henry, son of William
Kniht of Brantiston,
of two selions of arable land in the territory of Foston, viz. one upon Rodlandes, between the
land of Walter
Benne and that of Geoffrey called le BJreuor)., and the other (in le Falehes), between the land of
Gilbert son of
Geoffrey and that of John Ackelin. To hold of the said William, his heirs or assigns, rendering
therefor yearly a
root of ginger at Easter. Warranty. For this grant, etc., the said Henry has given a sum of money
as a gressom.
Witnesses: Sir Ralph, vicar of Binigton; Henry of the Chamber of the same; William Sampson,
Ralph of
Westburg, Robert of Scaldeford, Robert son of Ralph. Good seal. S. WILLI: FIL: THOE:
PALMER. A palm-branch.
339. 1281. Grant and confirmation by William, son of the sometime Thomas le Palmer of
Foston, in his good
prosperity, to Henry, son of William Kniht of Branteston, of seven 
230 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS selions of arable land in the fields of Foston',
viz., one at Slekfores,
between the land of Walter, son of Thomas at the well, and that of Walter Boner; one next le
Wodegate, next
the land sometime of Richard Thedrik'; one at the south head of the town of Foston, between the
land of
Gilbert son of Geoffrey and that of Geoffrey le Breuor; one upon Redelandes, between the land
of Walter
Benne and that of Geoffrey le Breuor; one in le Falehes between the land of Gilbert son of
Geoffrey and that of
John Achelin; and two upon Peselandes, between the land of Gilbert Lewyn and that of Geoffrey
le Breuor. To
hold of the said William, his heirs or assigns, rendering therefor yearly a root of ginger at the
feast of St John
Baptist. Warranty. The said Henry has given a sum of money as a gressom. Witnesses: sir
Ralphe, vicar of
Binigton"; Henry of the Chamber, of the same; William Sampson, Ralph of Westburg', Robert of
Scaldeford;
Hugh of Hilledik in Foston; Walter of Wodehows of the same; William of Stilton. Seal gone.
340. N.d. Grant and
confirmation by lsabel, daughter of son of Thomas le Palmer of Foston, to Roger Hugh of
Welburn in
Gunwordeb', or to whomsoever and whensoever he will give, assign, etc., of two selions of
arable land in the
field of Fostun, viz., one beyond Grantham gate next the land sometime of Custance the widow,
sometime
wife of Richard son of Robert, in the east field of Fostun; and the other in the west field of the
same town
beyond le Waterfures next the land sometime of Roger Kosin. To hold of the said Isabel and her
heirs, with the
pasture and all other appurtenances, rendering therefor yearly to William le Palmer and his heirs
a silver penny
at Easter for all worldly service. etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert son of Alan of Gunwordeb;
Isabel of the
same; Hugh of Hildic in (Foston); William Mauger of the same; William of Stiltun of bru of the
same; William
Santon the same; Nicholas of Bynington; Master Ralph of the same. Seal gone. Much torn. IFor
the first two
selions see No 336; for the third see No. 337; for the fourth and fifth see No. 338. For the
remaining two there
is no separate charter His institution to the vicarage of Long Bennington does not seem to be
recorded.
*Gonerby. 
FOSTON 341. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Idonea, daughter of Roger Cusyn of Foston, in her
free
widowhood and liege power, to Robert of Foston, dwelling in Ledenham', of three selions of
arable land in the
east field of Foston, lying between the land of the same Robert on S. and that of William of
Stylton on N., and
abutting upon Redlandheuedgate eastward. and upon the path lying below the court of Roger
Cusyn her father
westward. To hold of the said Idonea and her heirs, rendering therefor yearly a silver halfpenny at
Christmas.
Warranty. Witnesses: Hugh of Hyldick' in Foston; William of Stylston (sic) in the same; Ralph of
Westburgh in
Binigton; Henry de la Chambre in the same; William Samson, Robert of Scaldeford, Geoffrey
Couyn. Seal.
Endorsed : Carta Idonee Cusyn. Redd. j. ob. ad Natal' 342. N.d. Grant and confirmation by
Idonea, daughter of
Roger Cosin of Foston, in her free widowhood and liege power, to Robert of Foston, clerk,
dwelling in
Ledenham. of a selion of her land in the field of Foston upon le Southou. next the land of
William of Stilton on
N., and abutting upon the headland of Geoffrey son of Symon eastwards, and upon Suthmerefure
westwards.
To hold of the said Idonea, her heirs and assigns, rendering therefor yearly a clove of gillyflower
at the Nativity
of St John Baptist. Warranty. Witnesses: Sir Ralph, vicar of Benigthon; Henry of the Chamber.
Ralph of
Westburg', William Sampson, Robert of Scaldeford, of the same; Hugh of Hyldick' in Foston;
William of Stilton,
Symon his son. Walter le Mareschal, Robert son of Walter of Hyldyck', of the same. Seal. 343.
1283, 28 March
[Sunday after the Annunciation.) Ledenham. To all Christ's faithful who shall see or hear this
writing, Idonea,
daughter of Roger Cusyn of Foston, health in the Lord. Know ye that l have received as a loan
and have had of
Robert of Foston, dwelling in Ledenham, twenty shillings of good sterlings, to be paid to the
same Robert or his
certain Leadenham. 
232 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS attorney who shall restore to me this writing, on
the feast of
Pentecost (6 June), A.D. 1283, without further delay: the which twenty shillings if I pay not to
the said Robert
at the term aforesaid, I will and grant for me and my heirs that two selions of my land on the west
side of the
town of Foston, lying under the court sometime of Jordan son of Walter of the same, between the
land of
Walter de la Wodehuse on one side and the land of William of Stilton on the other, shall remain,
quit, freely
and absolutely, to the said Robert and his heirs or assigna in fee and heritage, to hold of me and
my heirs,
rendering therefor yearly to me and my heirs a silver halfpenny at Christmas for all secular
services, customs
and demands. In witness whereof l have set my seal to this writing. Witnesses: Hugh of Hildick
in Foston,
William of Stilton in the same, Ralph of Wesburgh in Benigton, Henry de la Chambre in the
same, William
Samson of the same, Robert of Scalford in the same, Geoffrey Couayn of the same, and others.
sub curia
Endorsed: Carta Idonee Cusyn Jordani de Foston. 344. N.d. Grant and confirmation, in her liege
widowhood
and power, by Ydonia, daughter of Roger Cosin of Foston to Henry, son of William Kniht of
Brantestona, o
three selions of arable land in the territory of Foston; whereof forslong), between the land one
lies upon le H
of Walter of Wodehous and that of William of Stilton, abutting upon the land of Robert son of
Custance, and at
its west head upon that of the said Ydonia; and one selion at Pomand(ik) between the land of
William le
Palmer and that of William of Stilton, with one head abutting upon the king's way called
Gumthramgate, and
the other head upon Pomandik; and one selion in Flaxmer, between the land of William of
Stilton and that of
Geoffrey le Breuour, with one head abutting upon the headland of Geoffrey son of Symon and
the other upon
the headland of the same Geoffrey, with all appurtenances and easements within the town and
without to
such land appertaining. To hold of the said Ydonia, her heirs or assigns, to the said Henry, his
heirs or assigns,
freely quit, in peace, entirely, by right of inheritance, rendering therefor yearly a root of ginger on
St John
Baptist's day for 
FOSTON 233 all services, etc. Warranty. For this grant and confirmation the said Roger has
given a sum of
money in gressom. Witnesses: Hugh of Hildik in Sutton. William of Stilton of the same, William
le Palmer,
(Henry) de Camera in Binigton, [William) Sampson, Ralph of Westburg, Robert of Scaldeford,
John of
Colingham, John son of Ralph, Geoffrey Conzyn. Seal gone. 345. N.d. Grant and confirmation
by Ydonia,
sometime the daughter of Roger Cusyn of Fostona, in her free and liege widowhood, her proper,
pure and full
power, to Henry son of William Knythe of Brantestona, his heirs or assigns, or to whomsoever,
etc., of six
selions of land in the territory of Fostona, viz. one at Thyrspittes, between the land sometime of
William
Alewyn and that of Walter of Wodehus; one beyond le Kyrkegate, next the land of Walter of
Wodehous: one
upon Toftis, next the land of William Ysaac; one above Schortlandes, next the land of William
Legath and that
which was sometime of the said Ydonia in the west field of Fostona; one above Foxoles, next the
land of
Alexander Yue; and one upon Peslandes next the land of William Bonefaunt in the east field of
Fostona. To
hold, etc., as they lie and abut in either field of Fostona, etc., rendering therefor yearly to the said
Ydonia, her
heirs or assigns, a silver halfpenny on St John Baptist's day for all services, etc. Warranty. For
this grant the said
Henry has given to the said Ydonia a sum of money in her sore need. Witnesses: sir Ralph, vicar
of Bynigton;
Henry of the Chamber in the same; William Sampson; Ralph of Westburk; Robert of
Schaldeford; John of
Colingham; Hugh of Hyldick of Fostona; William le Paumer; William of Stylton of the same.
Seal gone. 346. N.d.
Grant and confirmation by Idonea, daughter of Roger Cosyn of Foston, to Henry, son of William
Kniht of
Branteston, his heirs or assigns, or to whomsoever, etc., of a selion of arable land in the west
field of Foston,
viz. under the windmill between the land of Walter of Wodehous and that of Richard, son of
William in the
Churchyard, abutting 
 234 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS at one head eastwards and at the other
westwards. To hold of the
said Idonea, her heirs or assigns, etc., rendering therefor yearly a race of ginger at Easter for all
services, etc.
Warranty. For this grant the said Henry has given a sum of money to the said Idonea as a
gressom. Witnesses:
sir Ralph, vicar of Binigton; Henry of the Chamber of the same; William Sampson; Ralph of
Westburg; Hugh of
Hildik in Foston; William of Stilton; William le Palmer. Seal gone. 347. N.d. Grant by Ydonea,
sometime the
daughter of Roger Cosin of Foston, in her free widowhood and good prosperity also, to Henry
son of William
Kniht of Brantestone, his heirs or assigns, or to whomsoever he will, wheresoever and
whensoever, in sickness
or in good health, he will give sell, bequeath or assign them, of nineteen selions of arable land in
the territory
of Foston', and of a plot of meadow in the meadow of the same; of the which selions one lies
upon le
Waterfores, between the land of Walter of Wodehows and that of William of Stiltona; and one at
Pomandik,
between the land of William Palmer and that of William of Stiltona; and one in Flaxmer,
between the land of
William of Stiltona and that of Geoffrey Breuor; and one at Thirspittes, between the land
sometime of William
Alewyn and that of Walter of Wodehows; and one beyond le Kirkegate, next the land of Walter
of Wodehows;
and one upon Toftes, next the land of William Ysaac; and one upon Schortlandes, next the land
of William
Legath; and one upon Foxholes, next the land of Alexander Yue; and one upon Peslandes, next
the land of
William Bonenfaunt; and one in Northmere, between the land of Geoffrey Dikil and that
sometime of Richard
Thedrik; and one in le More, between the land of William Hilledik and that of William of
Stiltona; and one upon
le Waterfores. between the land of Geoffrey Breuor and that which was of William le Palmer;
and one
between le Sike and le Bekre, between the land of William of Stiltona and that of Gilbert son of
Geoffrey; and
one at Tobekkes, between the land of William of Stiltona and that of Richard son of Gilbert: and
one at
Newengdike, between the land of William son of For the first three selions see No. 344; for the
next six see No.
345. There is no separate charter for any but one of the remaining ten. 
235 FOSTON Geoffrey and that of Reynald son of Malke; and one upon Engedikforlong,
between the land of
William of Stiltona and that of William Palmer; and one beneath the windmill of Foston,
between the land of
Walter of Wodehows and that of Richard at the Church'; and one at Hinorthlittelhil, next the land
of Richard at
the Church; and one at Molksbrigges. between the land of Richard at the Church and that of John
son of
Hawise; and a plot of meadow which lies upon Toftes. and contains one rood, with all their
appurtenances,
liberties and easements, to wit in leasowes and pastures and paths. both within the town and
without,
appertaining to so much land and meadow. To hold, etc., of the said Ydonea and her heirs or
assigns, freely,
etc., rendering therefor yearly a silver penny at the Nativity of St John Baptist for all services, etc.
Warranty.
And for this gift. grant, and confirmation the said Henry has given the said Ydonea a sum of
money in hand in
her sore need. Witnesses : sir Ralph, vicar of Binigtona. Henry of the Chamber in the same,
William Sampson,
Ralph of Westburg. Robert of Scaldeford. John of Colingham. John son of Ralph in Binigtona.
Hugh of Hilledik in
Fostona, William of Stiltona, William Palmer. Seal gone. 348. N.d. Grant and confirmation by
Ydonia, daughter
of Roger Cusyn in Foston, to Henry son of William Knitht of Branteston, his heirs or assigns, or
to whomsoever,
wheresoever and whensoever he will give, sell, bequeath or assign it, whether in sickness or in
good health, of
a plot in the town of Foston with a solar and cellar founded in the same. between the land of John
of Houton
and that of William of Stilton, containing in breadth 50 feet, and abutting at one head towards the
king's way
and at the other upon the field. To hold of the said Ydonia and her heirs, rendering therefor
yearly a
peppercorn on Christmas day for all services, etc. Warranty. The said Henry has given a sum of
money as a
gressom. Witnesses: sir Ralph, vicar of Binigton; Henry of the Chamber in the same; William
Sampson; Ralph of
Westeberg; Hugh of Hildike in Foston. Seal gone. See No. 346. 
 236 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 349. 1285-6, 22 Feb. [St Peter'a chair, 14 Edw.
I) Binigton. Grant and
confirmation by Ydonia, daughter of Roger Cusyn of Fostona, in her proper and lawful widow.
hood, to Henry
son of William Kyncht (sic) of Brancetona in Binigton, and his heirs, or to whomsoever, etc., of
a messuage in
the town of Fostona with a solar and cellar built in the same, lying between the toft of John of
Houtona and
that of William of Styltona, containing in breadth 50 feet, with one head abutting towards the
king s way, and
the other upon the east field of the same town, with all the liberties and easements within the
town of
Fostona and without to the same messuage appertaining. To hold, etc. (as in the preceding
charter). Warranty.
For this grant the said Henry has given a sum of money to the said Ydonia in her need.
Witnesses: sir Ralph,
vicar of Binigton; Henry of the Chamber in the same; William Sampson; Ralph of Westeburg;
Hugh of Hyldik in
Foustona. Seal gone. 350. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Cecily, daughter ol Walter de la
Wdhuse, Thomas her
son, and Richard (le Enueyle) her husband, to Alice her sister, of four selions of arable land in
the fields of
Foston, to wit, in the east field two, one at Crundicend next the land of John Brun on E., and
containing in itself
a perch and four vad', (?) and one .. to wit, the nearest selion in the west field upon West
westward of the four
selions which were of Roger Cosin; and one upon le Suthhou, abutting upon the land of John son
of William in
the Churchyard at the east head; and one upon Westwrongland, next the land of the said Alice,
daughter of
Walter de la Wdehuse; and the third part of the said Cecily's dove-house in Foston, upon the
messuage
sometime of Roger Cosin, with free entry and exit without hindrance to Alice in her lifetime. To
hold of the
grantors and their heirs for a sum of money paid in hand, rendering therefor yearly a silver
farthing at the feast
of St John Baptist, at the house of the grantors in the town of Foston. Warranty. Witnesses: Sir
Ralph, vicar of
Binigton; Henry of the Chamber, Ralph of Westeburg', in the same; Thomas Brun, William
Sampson, of the
same; John of Colyngham in the same. Seal gone. 
FOSTON 351. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Cecily, daughter of Walter de la Wdhuse, Richard
Lenveyle' and
Thomas son of the said Cecily, to Alice her sister of Foston, her heirs or to whomsoever, etc., of
a selion of
arable land in the east field of Foston under Littelhil, between the land of Avice, sister of the said
Cecily, and
that of William son of Geoffrey in the Churchyard. To hold, etc., of the grantors and their heirs
for a certain
sum of money paid in hand, rendering therefor yearly a farthing at the feast of St John Baptist in
Foston.
Warranty. Witnesses: Sir Ralph, vicar of Binigton; Henry of the Chamber, Ralph of Westeburg,
John of
Colingham, in the same; Richard of Binington, Richard Somer, Robert of Berford, of Foston.
Three seals. 352.
N.d. Release and quitclaim by Alice who was the wife of William the miller of Bynington to
John of Rouceby of
Foston, of her right and claim in three selions of arable land in the fields of Foston, which the
same John has of
the gift and feoffment of John le Marchale her son. Warranty. Witnesses: Walter of Hildik,
Matthew of
Braham, of Foston; William Saumson, Thomas Broun, of Binigton; William Beuerege of
Merston. Seal gone.
353. N.d. Grant and confirmation, in her pure widow hood and lawful power, by Alice, daughter
of Walter
Vodehous, dwelling in the town of Foston, to William of Beningfeld, carpenter, dwelling in the
town of
Binington, of four selions of arable land lying in the fields of Fostone, viz.. one upon le Milnehil
next the land of
Richard Somer on W., abutting at the north head upon the headland sometime of Walter Cordian;
another
upon le Southou, between the land of William Gilbert on N., abutting at the west head upon the
land of Ralph
Chapman; another upon le Waterforoues, between the land of Richard Somer on S. and that of
Robert Gerard
on N.; and one upon le Rede de le Milnehil between the land of William of Heckingtone on W.
and that of 'Or
Lenveyse; also called Veyse, le Vevse, Weyse. *Alice, daughter ot Walter de la Wodehus, and
widow of William
Marchal. 
238 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS William at the Cross on E. To hold of the said
Alice, her heirs or
assigns, for ever, doing to the chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Henry of the Chamber,
William Sampson,
Thomas Broun, of Biningtone; Henry of Braunstone; Richard Somer of Fostone. Seal gone. 354.
N.d. Grant and
confirmation by Alice, daughter of Walter de le Wodehous, dwelling in the town of Fostone, to
William of
Benifeud, carpenter, dwelling in the town of Biningtone, of a selion of arable land in the west
field of Fostone,
between the land which Robert en le Wro sometime held on W., and that sometime of John
Gerard on E.,
abutting at the north head upon Northingdiche and at the south head upon the headland of Walter
Blound;
and of a smail plot (modicam placeam) of a meadow in le Swothwarlotes, abutting at the north
head upon
Stacholmdige, and at the south head upon le Bec. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Henry of
the Chamber, William Sampson, of Biningtone; Henry of Braunston, Thomas Brown, Richard of
Cleipoll. Richard
Somer of Fostone. Seal. 355. 1295, 31 July [Sunday bejore St Peter's Chains, 23 Edw. I.] Foston.
Grant and
confirmation by Avice, daughter of Walter de la Wodhus, dwelling in the town of Foston, to
William of
Biningfeld, carpenter, of 17 selions of arable land in the fields of Foston, and four plots of
meadow in the
meadows of the same town. The selions lying thus through the fields, viz. in the east field one,
abutting upon
the toft sometime of Roger Cusyn, lying next the land of the monks of Binington' on S.; one
beyond
Granthamgate, lying between the land sometime of Walter Herui on either side; one above
Foteswelle,
abutting upon Neueenggate northward, next the land of John Brun; one upon Littilhil, between
the land of
Walter at the Well on either side; one at Littilbrig. abutting upon the land of Gilbert Lewin
eastward; one by
South The monke of Savigny (Manche) who occupied the alien priory ot Long Bennington. 
FOSTON Byndickgate, lying next the land of the same tenement and that sometime of William
son of Geoffrey
in the Churchyard: in the west field one at Pomandick, abutting upon the king's way southward
and upon
Pomandick northward; one at Souythmer, abutting upon the headland of Robert Gerard westward
and upon le
Sike which comes from Souythmer eastward; one at the windmill which was sometime of Roger
Cusyn; one in
Westmerdale, abutting upon Alynton heuedis southwards; one ad antrum sometime of Walter
Brune, between
the land of the same tenement and that sometime of Robert son of Custance; one in le Bouttis on
the S. side of
le Toftis, and abutting upon the headland sometime of Robert of Foston, lying between the land
of Richard
Somer and that of William Burre; one abutting upon le Westbeke, lying between the land of
Richard in the
Churchyard and that of Richard Gamil; one upon the south side of le Wodgate, lving next the
land sometime of
John Jordan; one ad antrum sometime of Hugh of Hilledick, extending in length next the
boundary on S.; one in
le Wotfuris', abutting upon the land of the same tenement eastwards and that of T'homas
Godbarn
westwards; one upon Crumbdick, abutting upon the king's way eastward, and lying next the land
sometime of
Hugh of Hylledick. The meadow lying thus, viz. a plot in Northeng. lying between the meadow
of the monks
and that of Nicholas son of Robert of Foston; a plot in Engdick, lying between the meadow of
Richard Somer
and that of the same tenement; a plot upon le Souythedik in Engdick, next the meadow of
Richard Somer; a
plot in Neueng, lying next the carucate of meadow sometime of John Jordan. To hold of the chief
lords, etc.
Warranty. For this grant the said William has given to the said Avice a sum of money in her great
need.
Witnesses: Richard of Binington, dwelling in Foston; Robert of Berford in the same; Richard
Somer of the same;
Henry of the Chamber in Binington; Thomas Brun of the same; William Sampson in the same;
Henry of
Braunston in the same. Seal. 356. 1295-6, 1 Jan. (Circumcision, 24 Edw. I.] Bynyngtona. Grant
and confirmation
by Avice, daughter of Walter 1.c., Waterfuris. 
 240 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS of Wodehus, dwelling in Fostona, in her free
widowhood and lawful
power, to William Capuntar' (sic) of Benyngfeld, for a sum of money which the said William of
Benyngfeld,
carpenter, had given in hand, of two selions of arable land in the territory of Fostona, viz. one at
Milnegate,
which extends towards Adlingtouma', in the which selion the mill sometime of Roger Kosin of
Fostona is wont
to stand, even as the said selion lies in length and in breadth between the land of Richard Sumur
on N. and
that of William son of Geoffrey son of Simon of Fostona on S.; and the other at Westbec,
between the land of
Richard in the Churchyard of Fostona towards S. and that of Richard Gamil of the same towards
N., abutting at
one head upon Westebec to W., and at the other upon the land sometime of Geoffrey Dikel
towards E. To hold
of the said Avice and her heirs, rendering therefor yearly to the chief lord a silver halfpenny at
Christmas for all
secular services, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Sampson, Thomas Brun, Henry of the
Chamber, of
Bynygtona; Richard of Claypol in Fostona; Robert of Berford of the same. Seal. 357. Same date.
Benygton.
Grant and confirmation by Avice, daughter of Walter of Wodehus in Foston Jetc. as above) to
William of
Benyfeld, carpenter, for a sum of money which he has paid in hand, of seven selions of arable
land in the
territory of Foston', as they lie in the places below written. viz. one at Milnegate, which passes
between Foston
and Adlyngton, lying between the land of Richard Somer on N. and that of William son of
Geoffrey son of
Symon on S., in the which selion the mill which was of Roger Cosyn of Foston sometime used to
stand; one at
Westbeck, between the land of Richard in the Churchyard of Foston southward, and that of
Richard Gamel of
the same northward, the head whereof abuts upon Westbeck westward and the other head upon
the land
sometime of Geoffrey Dykel eastward; one on the W. side of Crumdykgate, between the land of
Richard son of
Thomas Ysaac and that of Robert son of Walter Gerard; one upon Saltmerfurlong, between the
land of Walter
son of Hugh of Hyldyck and that of John Broun, and abutting upon the Allington. For the firat
two seliona see
No. 356; for the next two. No. 358; for the next two, No. 359; and for the next, No. 360. 
FOSTON land of Thomas Godbarn; one in the place called Granthamgate, between the land of
William son of
Walter Heruy on either side, the head whereof abuts upon the headland of William Gilberd
eastward and the
other head abuts upon the land of John Broun westward; one between the land of John Broun of
Foston on E.
and that of William Gilberd on W., whereof one head abuts upon Neuhenggate northward and the
other upon
the headland of Richard at the Church southward; and one between the land of Richard Somer
eastward and
that of Cecily, daughter of Walter of Wodehous westward, whereof one head abuts upon
Pomandyk
northward and the other head abuts upon Granthamgate southward. Crant and confirmation also
of all that
plot of meadow in Northenge at Wadholm, which lies between the meadow of the monks of
Benygton of W.
and that of Nicholas of Ledenham on E. and abuts upon le Suthdyck. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Henry de la Chaumbre of Benygton; Robert of Berford; Richard of Cleypol in Foston;
Richard Somer,
Richard at the Church, of the same; Thomas Broun, William Sampson, of Benygton: Henry of
Braunzton, John
of Colyngham, in the same. Seal. 358. 1295-6, 11 Feb. (Saturday bejore St Valentine, 24 Edw. I.]
Binigton. Grant
and confirmation by Avice. daughter of Walter of Wodehuse, dwelling in Foston, in her free
widowhood and
lawful power, to William of Binigfeld, carpenter, of three selions of arable land lying in the
territory of Foston,
viz. one at Westbek between the land of Richard in the Churchyard of Foston southward and that
of Richard
Gamil of the same northward; another on the west side of Crumdicgate between the land of
Richard son of
Thomas Ysaac and that of Robert son of Walter Gerard on S.; and the third upon Saltmerfurlong
between the
land of Walter son of Hugh of Hildic and that of John Brun on N., abutting at the west head upon
the land of
Thomas Godbarn; and of a plot of meadow in Northeng at Wadholm abutting upon le Suthdic,
lying between
the meadow of the monks of Binigton on W. and that of Nicholas of Ledenham or the carucate
on E. To hold of
the chief lords, etc., rendering therefor yearly a silver halfpenny at Christmas for all worldly
service, etc. 
 242 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Warranty. For this grant the said William has
given a sum of money
in hand to the said Avice. Witnesses: Henry of the Chamber in Binigton; William Sampson of
the same; Thomas
Brun in the same; Richard of Claypol in Foston; Robert of Berford in the same. Seal gone. 359.
1296, 22 April
[Sunday bejore St Mark, 24 Edw. 1.) Apud Fostonam. Grant and confirmation by Avice,
daughter of Walter of
Wodehuse, dwelling in Fostona, in her pure widowhood and lawful power, to William of
Benygfeld, carpenter,
of two selions of arable land lying in the fields of Fostona, viz. one beyond the way called
Grantamgate
between the land of William son of Walter Herui on either side, abutting at one head upon the
headland of
William Gilberde eastward, and at the other head upon the land of John Bruin westward; and the
other
between the land of John Bruin of Fostona on E. and that of William Gilberd on W., abutting at
one head upon
Neuhenggate northward, and at the other head upon the headland of Richard at the Church
southward. To
hold of the said Avice, her heirs or assigns, and of the lord of the fee, etc., rendering yearly to the
lord of the
fee a silver penny at Christmas, and to the said Avice, her heirs or assigns, an iron needle at the
said term for
all worldly services, etc. Warranty. For this grant the said William has given to the said Avice a
sum of money in
hand in her need. Witnesses: Richard of Claypol in Fostona; Richard Sumur of the same; Henry
of the Chamber,
Thomas Bruin, William Sampson, of Bynyngton. Seal gone. 360. 1296, 6 May (Sunday bejore
Pentecost, 24 Edw.
l. Grant and confirmation by Avice Jas before) to William of Benyngfeld, carpenter, of a selion
of arable land
lying in the territory of Fostona, in the east field, between the land of Richard Somur towards E.
and that of
Cecily daughter of Walter of (sic) [which she) sometime held towards W., abutting at one head
upon Pomandik
towards N., and at the other head upon Grantamgate towards S. To hold of the said Avice, her
heirs and
assigns, and of the lord of the fee. 
FOSTON rendering therefor yearly to the chief lord a silver farthing at Christmas, and to the said
Avice, her
heirs and assigns, an jron nail for all worldly services, etc. Warranty. For this grant the said
William has given to
the said Avice a sum of money in her need. Witnesses: Richard of Claypol, dwelling in Fostona;
Richard Somur
of Fostona; Henry of the Chamber in Binyngtona; Thomas Bruin of the same; William Sampson
of Benyngtona.
Seal. 361. 1296, 5 July (Thursday after St Peter and St Paul, 24 Edw. I.] In full court held at
Benygton. Grant and
bond of Alice, daughter of Walter of Wodehouse of Foston, and Avice her sister, to the effect
that, whereas
Richard Weyse of Mamesfeld'. Cecily his wife, their sister, and Thomas, son and heir of the said
Cecily, have, by
the common assent of them all. conjointly enfeoffed William of Benyfeld, carpenter, of a selion
of arable land
in the field of Foston, containing in itself an acre of land, and on this account in their urgent
necessity, for the
relief of their poverty, have received a competent sum of money in hand from the same William,
and at the
instance of the said Richard, Cecily and Thomas, and for a sum of money which the same
William has paid in
hand to the said Alice and Avice, they bind themselves and their heirs to warrant the premises to
the said
William, his heirs and assigns. Witnesses: Henry of the Chamber, Thomas Brun, William
Sampson, of Benygton;
Henry of Braunteston in the same; Robert of Bereford; Richard of Claypol; Richard at the
Church, Richard
Somer, of Foston. One seal. 362. 1296, 21 Oct. [Sunday after St Luke, 26 Edw. I.) Fostona. Grant
and
confirmation by Alice, daughter of Walter of Wodehouse, dwelling in Fostona, in her pure
widowhood and
lawful power, to William of Benifeld, carpenter, of a plot of meadow lying in Northeng in a place
called
Redeholme, and on one side next the water called Mansfield. In Nos. 350, 351 Richard Weyse is
called Richard
Enveyle, Lenveyle. 
244 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Wyyem'. To hold of the chief lords. Warranty.
For this grant the said
William has given in hand a sum of money to the said Alice in her need. Witnesses: Richard of
Benigtona in
Fostona; Richard Somur, Robert of Berford, of the same; Henry of the Chamber in Bynigtona;
William Sampson,
Thomas Bruin, of the same; John of Colingham in Benigtona. Seal gone. 363. 1296-7, 17 Feb.
[Sunday before St
Peter's chair, 25 Edw. I.] Foston. Grant and confirmation by Alice Marchal. daughter of Walter
of Wodhuse,
dwelling in Foston, in her pure widowhood and liege power, to William of Benyfeld, carpenter,
of four selions
of arable land in the territory of Foston, viz. one selion upon le Suthou, which she bought of
Avice her sister,
between the land of Robert of Foston on S. and that of the monks of Binigton on N., abutting at
one head upon
the headland of William son of Geoffrey son of Simon towards E. and at the other upon the land
which she
bought of Cecily her sister towards W.; another in Longwronglond between the land of Richard
Beysse (sic) on
W and that sometime of Cecily her sister, abutting at the N. head upon the land sometime of
William
Bonfaunt, and at the S. head upon the boundary towards Adlington; the third between the land of
Geoffrey
Dikeril on S. and that sometime of Roger Cosin on N., abutting at the E. head upon the selion in
which the mill
which was of Roger Cosyn was wont to stand', and at the W. head upon the headland of Geoffrey
Dikeril'; and
the fourth between the land of Robert son of Custance on S. and that of Thomas Godbarn on N.,
abutting sat
one) head upon the land of John of Houtona. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. For this
grant the said
William has given to the said Alice a sum of money in hand. Witnesses: Richard of Binigton in
Foston; Robert of
Berford, Richard Somer, in the same; Henry of the Chamber, Thomas Brun, William Sampson,
in Binigton; John
of Colingham. Seal gone. Witham. The Witham forma the N. boundary of the parish of Foston.
dividing it from
Westborough. *Cf. Nos. 355, 356. *Elsewhere called Dikel, Dikil, Dykel. 
FOSTON 245 364. 1297. 18 April (Thursday after St Tiburtius and St Valerian.] Foston. Grant
and confirmation
by Alice Marchal Jas before) to William of Benifeld, carpenter, of a selion of arable land in the
east field of
Foston at le Redlandes, next the land of William sometime at the Church on N., abutting at the
W. head upon
the land of the monks of Binigton, and at the E. head upon that of William Gilbert. To hold of the
chief lords,
etc. Warranty. For this grant the said William has given the said Alice a sum of money in hand.
Witnesses:
Richard of Cleypol, Richard Somur, Robert of Berford, in Foston; Henry of the Chamber in
Binigton: Thomas
Brun of the same; William Sampson; John of Colingham. Seal. 365. 1297, 25 April [St Mark, 25
Edw. I.] Grant
and confirmation by Nicholas Brus, son of Idonea Cosyn of Foston, to William of Benyfeld,
carpenter, of a
selion of arable land in the east field of Foston, between the land of Richard Somer on S. and that
of William of
Benifeld on N., abutting at the west head upon the plot sometime of Roger Cosyn and at the east
head upon
the way called Granthamgate; and of her whole part of a plot of land whereon the mill sometime
of Roger
Cosin was wont to stand, together with her whole part of a post standing upon the same place. To
hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty. For this grant the said William his given to the said Nicholas a sum of
money in hand.
Witnesses: Richard of Cleypol in Foston; Richard Somer. Robert of Berford, in the same; Henry
of the Chamber
in Binigton; Thomas Brun, William Sampson, of the same; John of Colingham. Seal gone. 366.
1297, 14 June
(Thursday after St Barnabas, 25 Edw. I.] Foston. Grant and confirmation by Richard le Veyse of
Mamesfeld and
Cecily, daughter of Walter of Wodhus, and Thomas, son of the said Cecily, to William of
Benyfeld, carpenter, of
their whole part of a rood and a half of meadow. lying at the south head of Neuheng, between the
meadow of
the neifs' of the town of Foston on either side. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty. The
nativi, i.e. serfa,
villeins 
220 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 316. 1438-9, 12 March [St Gregory the pope, 17
Hen. VI. Denton.
Grant and confirmation by William Suthfolk of Denton to John Sutton of the same, of a cottage
with the
curtilage adjoining in Denton, lying between the land of Ralph Shyrley, kt., on one side, and that
of William
Burton on the other, the which the said William lately had of the gift and feoffment of John
Gryse of Denton,
together with Henry Moke, late rector of the church of Cotesbeche', deceased. To hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: John Orped, William Orped, John Maynard, John Wylkyns, John Stone, of
Denton.
Fragment of seal. Endorsed (late hand): Feoff. Willelmi Southfolk Johanni Sutton de cottagio in
Denton. 317.
1458, 27 July (Thursday after St Anne, 36 Hen. VI.) Harlaxston. Grant and confirmation by
Robert Swyfte of
Harlaxston to Richard Godryk of Grantham and Nicholas Cowper of Denton, of all his lands,
tenements, etc., in
the town and fields of Harlaxston. To hold of the chief lords. etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas
Bluett, John
Repyngale, Richard Wyvell, John Burley, Richard Walsche. Seal (broken). 318. 1459-60, 24
February [St
Matthias, 38 Hen. VI. Harlaxston. Grant and confirmation, in her pure widowhood, by Emma,
late the wife of
John Bekett, and sometime the wife of John Crane of Denton, to Nicholas Cowper of Denton and
Alice his wife,
of a selion of arable land lying in the west field of Harlaxston in the place called Westinnam,
between the land
of William Goodryk, chaplain, on S., and that of John Repyngale on N., and abutting upon the
common sewer
between the fields of Harlaxston and Denton westward, and upon the headland sometime of
Robert Fenne
eastward. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Repyngale, Simon Welby,
Richard Wywell,
John Wessell, John at Welle, William Grene, Richard Wellynggowr, of Harlaxston. Seal.
Cotesbach, near
Lutterworth. 
DENTON 319. 1469 18 Edw. IVI. 9 June. Denton. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Cowper,
vicar of the parish
church of Mounskyrkeby', co. Warwick, to Nicholas Cowper of Harlaxton his brother, William
Welles, parish
chaplain of Mounskyrkeby, William Haddon, warden of the college of Babelak in Couentre', and
John
Mulkastur, bailiff of Munskyrkeby, of all the lands and tenements which the said Thomas,
together with
Richard Weston, late of Denton. clerk, and John son of Geoffrey of the same, deceased, had
sometime of the
gift and feoffment of William Bocher of Denton, in the town and territory of the same". To hold
of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Walker, John Rollegarthe, Walter Wellyngowr. Richard
Wellyngowr,
Richard Willowghby, of Denton. Seal. 320. 1491 16 Hen. VII), 10 May. Delivery, demise and
confirmation by
William Welles, late parish chaplain of Mounskyrkeby, co. Warwick, and John Mulkastur, bailiff
of
Mounskyrkeby, to John Cowper, Richard Cowper and Robert Cowper, chaplains, sons of
Nicholas Cowper, late
of Harlaxston, deceased, of all the lands and tenements in the town and territory of Denton,
which the said
William and John Mulkastur, together with the said Nicholas and William Haddon, late warden
of the college of
Babclak (sic) in Couentre, lately had of the gift and feoffment of Thomas Cowper, perpetual
vicar of the parish
church of Mounskyrkeby. as by charter appears. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Power of attorney
to John
Elstowe of Muston, co. Leicester, husbondman, to deliver seisin. One seal gone. 321. 1504-5 (20
Hen. VII), 1
February. Indenture of bargain and sale by Rauf Knok of London, taylour, and Alys his wife,
daughter and heir
of Thomas Cowper, late of Harlaxston, deceased, to Robert Wylkynson of Harlaxston, yoman, of
a mese, 60
acres of land, 20 acres of meadow, 20 acres of pasture and 10 acres of wood in Denton, for ever.
Monks Kirby.
2The college of St John Baptist in Bablake, the west suburb of Coventry. *See No. 315 
222 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Estate to be made before Easter next. The said
Robert has paid ú10.
Two seals. 322. 1504-5 [20 Hen. VII), 12 February. Westminster. Recovery by Robert
Wylkynson, Richard
Wylkynson and George Carre of the premises from Ralphe Knok and Alice his wife, by writ of
entry upon
disseisin in le post, before Thomas Frowyk, kt., and his fellows, the king's justices of the Bench.
Tested by T.
Frowyk. (Muscote) Royal seal. 323. 1504-5 (20 Hen. VII), 20 February. Letters of Ralph Knok,
citizen and cutter
of London, and Alice his wife, daughter and heir of Thomas Cowper of Harlaxston, deceased,
constituting
Thomas Day and Thomas Welby their attorneys to deliver seisin of the premises to Robert
Wylkynson. Two
seals. 324. 1505 (20 Hen. VII.], 10 May. Quitclaim by Ralph Knok and Alice his wife to Robert
Wylkynson,
yoman, of their right in those messuage, curtilage, garden and croft of land in Denton, between
the land of
William Rolgarth on E. and the common way towards the E., and the king's way on S., and le
Comon Sewer on
N., which were late of the said Ralph and Alice, and sometime of Thomas Cowper, the father of
Alice, and
aforetime of Nicholas Cowper, the father of the said Thomas, which the said Robert recovered by
writ of entry
before the king's justices of the Bench. Warranty. Two seals. 325. 1515-6 17 Hen. VIII), 16
February. Quit-claim
by John Cowper, Richard Cowper and Robert Cowper, chaplains, sons of Nicholas Cowper, late
of Harlaxston,
deceased, to George Carre of Sleford, gentilman, and Richard Wylkynson of Harlaxston, yoman,
to the need
and use of the said Richard Wylkynson, of all their right in all lands and tenements which the
said grantors had
of the gift, grant and 
DENTON 223 charter of William Welles, chaplain, and John Mulcastur, in the town and territory
of Denton'.
Warranty. Three seals. 326. 1524 [16 Hen. VIII), 1 July. London. Grant and confirmation by Joan
Elston, widow,
late the wife of John Elston and daughter of Nicholas Cowper, late of Denton, in her pure
widowhood, to
William Wygston the younger of Leycestre, merchant of the staple of Calais, and to Thomas
Wigston and
William Fyssher, clerks, of all her lands, tenements, etc. in the town and fields of Harlaxston or
elsewhere
within the parish of Harlaxston. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Power of attorney to
Robert Clerk of
Croxston to deliver seisin. Three seals : on tags; per me Johannem Cowper; per me Jane Elston;
per me Ricd.
Cooper. Endorsed : Hij testes pro deliberacione seisine infrascripte carte : Willelmus Brighows
clericus, Thomas
Welby, Willelmus Whytt, Ricardus Lyell. cum multis aliis. 327. Same date. Indentures of bargain
and sale by
Johane Elston, widow, late the wife of John Elston and daughter unto Nicholas Cowper of
Denton, deceased, to
William Wygston of Leycitur, the younger, merchant of the staple at Calais, of all such meses,
lands and
tenements, etc., lying and being in the town and fields of Harlaxston or elsewhere within the
parish of
Harlaxston that late were the said Nicholas Cowper's, and by him given unto the said Johane and
her heirs at
the time of her marriage. Estate to be made when required. The said William has paid ú15
sterling in full
payment. per me Jane Elston. Seal. 328. 1524 (16 Hen. VIII), 2 October. Release and quitclaim
by John Cowper
and Richard Cowper of London, clerks, sons of Nicholas Cowper, late of Denton, deceased, to
William Wigston
the younger of Leycester, mercant of the staple of Calais, Thomas Wigston and William Fyshar,
clerks, of all
their right in all the lands, tenements, etc. in See No. 320. 
224 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS the town and fields of Harlaston, which were
late of the said
Nicholas. One seal gone : simple queue. 329. 1529 [21 Hen. VIIII, 20 October. Leicestre. Grant
and confirmation
by Richard Wilkenson, son and heir of Robert Wilkenson of Harlaxston, deceased, to William
Wigston the
younger of Leicester, merchant of the staple of Calais, master Thomas Wigston, William Gyllot,
clerks, and
Robert Clarke of Croston, yoman, of a messuage in the town of Denton between the land of
William Rolgarth
on E. and the common way westward and the king's way on S. and le common sewer on N. with
all lands, etc.,
in the town and fields of Denton. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the need and use of the said
William
Wigston. Warranty. Power of attorney to Edward Woldham and William Whyte to deliver seisin.
per me
Rycardum Wylkynson. Seal. 330. 1534 [26 Hen. VIII), a month from Easter. Westminster. Final
concord before
Robert Norwiche, Anthony Fitzherbert, Thomas Englefeld and William Shelley, justices,
afterwards granted and
recorded in the octaves of Trinity, between William Wygston the younger, merchant of the staple
of Calais,
Thomas Wygston, clerk, William Gillott. clerk, and Robert Clerke, querents, and Richard
Wilkynson and
Elizabeth his wife, deforciants, of a messuage, 60 acres of land, 20 acres of meadow, 20 acres of
pasture and
ten acres of wood in Denton', whereof a plea of covenant was summoned between them : to wit,
that the said
Richard and Elizabeth recognised the said tenements to be the right of the same William
Wygston, as those
which he and the same Thomas, William Gillott and Robert have of the gift of the said Richard
and Elizabeth,
and remitted and quit-claimed them from the same Richard and Elizabeth and the heirs of
Elizabeth to the said
William, Thomas, William and Robert, and to the heirs of the same William Wigston, with
warranty. The same
William, Thomas, William and Robert gave ú40 to the said Richard and Elizabeth. Endorsed:
Deliberatur per
proclam' secundum formam statuti. See No. 321. 
DENTON 3304. Counterpart of same. Endorsed : Lincoln ss. Inter Willelmum Wigston Jun'
Mercatorem stapule
ville Calis et alios 331. 1544 [36 Hen. VIII), 22 Dec. Indenture of bargain and sale by William
Wigston of Combe,
co. Warwick, esq. to Henry Barns, citizen and grocer of London, Robert Pachett of Leycestre.
William Gillot of
the same and Walter Browne of the same, clerks, of his messuage in Denton with all other his
lands, meadows,
etc. in the town and fields of Denton. To be delivered before Easter next. The said Henry, Robert,
William and
Walter have paid ú18. Per me Willelmum Wygston. Fragment of seal. 331A. Counterpart of
same. Seals gone.
332. 1544 [36 Hen. VIII), 23 December. Grant and confirmation by William Wigston of Combe,
co. Warwick,
esq., to Henry Barnes, citizen and grocer of London. Robert Pachet of Leicestre, William Gillot
of the same and
Walter Browne of the same, clerks, of a messuage in the town of Denton, between the land of
William
Rolgarth on E. and the common way westward, and the king's way on S. and le common sewer
on N. with all
lands, etc., in the town and fields of Denton. To hold to the said Henry, Robert, William Gillot
and Walter of the
chief lords, etc., to the need and use of the said Henry, etc. and their assigns. Warranty. Power of
attorney to
Thomas Thorpp and John Reede, clerk, to deliver seisin. per me W. Wigston. Small seal with
arms of Wigston.
333. [An anonymous letter relating to land in Allington and Denton : it appears to be written
temp. James l. Tell
the owners and occupiers of one messuage Ixxx score acres of lande xxxte acres of medowe and
xl te acres of
pastures of pasture with the appurtinanc' in Allington, and of one messuage xl te acres of lande
twelve acres of
medowe end six acres of pasture with the appurt' tenements in Denton that vnles order be taken
the next
terme they wilbe sezed for a debt of cccc markes due by William Wigston of Woolston 
 226 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS in the countie of Warwicke esq. and others
vnto the Kings made that
now is. This note was brought to me vppon the 18th of Jan, by Ralf Raynold of Allington and
young Clifton of
Denton, who told me that this note (or the contentes of it) was sent to them from the sheriffe of
Lincolne shire
by one of his bailifes, but they could not tell me the name either of the hye sheriffe or vnder
sheriffe of that
countye. thinck you shall meet with the vndersheriffe of Lincolne shire at London in the terme
tyme and that
you may inquir him out by the name of his office. And (yf you finde him) your speediest way to
learn the
originall and estate of the aforsayd danger wilbe by him. And yf you cannot finde him, it may be
you may
learne of it in the exchecker. / But it would be in myne opinion a good helpe and readiness vnto
you yf you
would step hither though it be but for one night (before you goe to London.) to peruse the
evidences wherby
the 2 tenements aforesayd weare conveied to the house, that so you may be resolved wheather
that William
Wigston of Woolston in W. shire was ever seisec of the sayd landes and tenementes or not, for l
should thinck
that he lived over lately to have had any title in these landes yf they wear conveied to the
hospitall neare the
tyme of the founding of it. because I know the very same William W a knight dwelling in
Coventry about 44
years since. I suspect that this trouble is procured by Thornedikes meanes. I pray God to deliver
vs well from it,
but you must have an especiall care of it in tyme, that your tenantes may not be troubled. Do
such, yff it be
possible to prevent it. Wherin the doo earnestly intreate you protection. A note of such deedes as
l have
founde that may perhaps doe some good to avoyde the trouble that is threatened vnto the
hospitall landes in
Allington and Denton. First 2 coppyes of fynes acknowledged, in the 36 of H. 8, of landes in
Denton and
Allington vnto Henry Barnes of London, Robert Paget, William Gillot and Walter Browne, by
William Wigston of
Combe in Warrwick shire esquier. which no doubt was that W. Wigston of Wulson for whose
debt this trouble
is pretended. / These 2 coppyes l have sent you because they will leade you to the recordes.
Secondly I finde 4
seurall deedes (that did lead the sayd fines) wherby the sayd William Wigston did convey and
passe vnto the
afore named persons in that 36 of H.8. In two ol 
FOSTON them of one messuage and landes in Denton and the third of 3 messuages, one capitall
messuage in
Allington and of an other in Denton and of a third in ./ And the 4 deed is an indenture of
covenantes for the
assuring of Reinoldes his tenement in Allington by name and of an other in Denton. / but I find
not the
conveyance of those landes to the hospitall by the above named 4 persons. Thirdly there is a
release by 2
feoffes (at the founders request) vnto the hospitall of all the landes they weare instated in
(togeather with the
founder) in Allington and Harlaston ex dono et feoffamento Elizabeth Dalby vidue vel Johane
Elston vidue.
Fourth I find 4 deedes dated the 18¯ H.8/ wherof 2 of them I take to be the very same in effect
namely to
enfeoffe the hospitall in 2 messuges in Foston and of 2 messuges in Allington and of one in
Harlaston, and
these be of the founders owne hand and seale /The 3 is his letter of attorney for the delivering of
possession
to the hospitall according to the aforeseyd deedes, and the 4th is the hospitalls letter of attorny for
their
receiving of the sayd possessions. Which deedes 1 thought not good to send you now, because yf
you finde
that any of them will doe you good, vppon direction from you they may be sent you vp to
London./ And in the
meane while I thought best not to send them vnless there be neede. VIII. FOSTON. 334. N.d. *
Grant by William
Mauger in Foston to Henry of the Chamber in Binigton, his heirs, assigns, or to whomsoever he
will give, sell or
bequeath them, of two selions of arable land in the territory of Foston in the west field, whereof
one lies in
Thyrepittis between the land of John Kaunte and that of Walter Gerard, and the other at le
Clifnishende
between the land of Alice Mauger and that of Walter Gerard, abutting at one head upon
Becforlang. To hold to
them, their heirs and assigns of the said William and his heirs. rendering therefor yearly a root of
ginger at the
feast of St John Baptist for all services, etc. Warranty. The dates of this and several subsequent
charters seem
to be c. 1280-1290. 
228 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: sir Richard (2)', then vicar in
Binigton, William Spainson of
the same, Ralph of Westburg, master Ralph the clerk. Alan of Scaudeford, Robert of Scaudeford,
Robert the
clerk, Hugh of Hyledic in Foston. Seal gone. 335. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Henry of the
Chamber in
Bynigton to Henry his nephew, of two selions of arable land in the territory of Foston in the west
field, viz. one
in Thyspittis (sic), between the land of John Kaunt and that of Walter Gerad (sic); and the other
at le
Clifnishende, between the land of Alice Mauger and that of Walter Gerard. abutting at one head
upon
Becfrerelang. To hold of the said Henry, his heirs or assigns, rendering therefor yearly a root of
ginger at the
feast of St John Baptist. Warranty. Witnesses: Sir Ralph, vicar of Bynigton; William Sampson,
Ralph of
Westeburg', Ralph the clerk, Alan of Scaldeford, Hugh of Hilledik in Foston. Seal. 336. N.d.
Grant and
confirmation by William, son of Thomas le Palmer of Foston, to Henry, son of William Kniht of
Brantiston', his
heirs or assigns, or to whomsoever he will give, sell, bequeath or assign it, wheresoever and
whensoever, both
in sickness and in good health, of two selions of land in the territory of Foston; whereof one lies
at Slekfores,
between the land of Walter son of Thomas at the Well and that of Walter Leuet, with one head
abutting
westward, and the other eastward; and the other selion lies by le Wodegate, next the land
sometime of
Richard Thedrik, with one head abutting eastward and the other westward, with all the
appurtenances within
the town and without, to so much land appertaining. To hold of the said grantor, his heirs and
assigns, freely,
etc., rendering a root of ginger yearly on St John Baptist's day, for all services, etc. Warranty.
The said Henry
has given for this confirmation a sum of money as Fessorn. Witnesses: Hugh of Hildik in Foston,
William of
Stilton of the same, Henry of the Chamber in Binigton, William Probably the name should be
Ralph. Branston. 
FOSTON 229 Sampson, Ralph of Westburg, Robert of Scaldeford, John son of Ralph. Geoffrey
Couayn. Seal.
337. N.d. Grant and confirmation by William, son of Thomas le Palmer of Foston, to Henry, son
of William Kniht
of Branteston, of a selion of arable land in the territory of Foston, lying at the south head of the
town of the
same, between the land of Gilbert son of Geoffrey and that of Geoffrey le Breuor, and abutting at
one head
upon the land of Walter upon the Hill, and at the other towards the pit of Walter in the Corner.
To hold of the
said William and his heirs or assigns, rendering therefor yearly a root of ginger at Christmas.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Hugh of Hildik in Foston, William of Stilton of the same, Henry of the Chamber in
Binigton, William
Sampson of the same, Ralph of Westburg', Robert of Scaldeford, Geoffrey Couayn. Seal gone.
338. N.d. Grant
and confirmation by William, son of Thomas le Palmer of Foston, to Henry, son of William
Kniht of Brantiston,
of two selions of arable land in the territory of Foston, viz. one upon Rodlandes, between the
land of Walter
Benne and that of Geoffrey called le B[reuor)., and the other Jin le Falehes), between the land of
Gilbert son of
Geoffrey and that of John Ackelin. To hold of the said William, his heirs or assigns, rendering
therefor yearly a
root of ginger at Easter. Warranty. For this grant, etc., the said Henry has given a sum of money
as a gressom.
Witnesses: Sir Ralph, vicar of Binigton; Henry of the Chamber of the same; William Sampson,
Ralph of
Westburg, Robert of Scaldeford, Robert son of Ralph. Good seal. S. WILLI: FIL: THOE:
PALMER. A palm-branch.
339. 1281. Grant and confirmation by William, son of the sometime Thomas le Palmer of
Foston, in his good
prosperity, to Henry, son of William Kniht of Branteston, of seven 
230 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS selions of arable land in the fields of Foston',
viz., one at Slekfores,
between the land of Walter, son of Thomas at the well, and that of Walter Boner; one next le
Wodegate, next
the land sometime of Richard Thedrik'; one at the south head of the town of Foston, between the
land of
Gilbert son of Geoffrey and that of Geoffrey le Breuor; one upon Redelandes, between the land
of Walter
Benne and that of Geoffrey le Breuor; one in le Falehes between the land of Gilbert son of
Geoffrey and that of
John Achelin; and two upon Peselandes, between the land of Gilbert Lewyn and that of Geoffrey
le Breuor. To
hold of the said William, his heirs or assigns, rendering therefor yearly a root of ginger at the
feast of St John
Baptist. Warranty. The said Henry has given a sum of money as a gressom. Witnesses : sir
Ralphe, vicar of
Binigton": Henry of the Chamber, of the same; William Sampson, Ralph of Westburg', Robert of
Scaldeford;
Hugh of Hilledik' in Foston; Walter of Wodehows of the same; William of Stilton. Seal gone.
340. N.d. Grant and
confirmation by lsabel, daughter o son of Thomas le Palmer of Foston, to Roger Hugh of
Welburn in
Gunwordeb', or to whomsoever and whensoever he will give, assign, etc., of two selions of
arable land in the
field of Fostun, viz., one beyond Grantham gate next the land sometime of Custance the widow,
sometime
wife of Richard son of Robert, in the east field of Fostun; and the other in the west field of the
same town
beyond le Waterfures next the land sometime of Roger Kosin. To hold of the said Isabel and her
heirs, with the
pasture and all other appurtenances, rendering therefor yearly to William le Palmer and his heirs
a silver penny
at Easter for all worldly service. etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Robert son of Alan of Gunwordeb';
Isabel .. of the
same; Hugh of Hildic in Foston); William Mauger of the same; William of Stiltun of bru of the
same; William
Santon the same; Nicholas of Bynington; Master Ralph of the same. Seal gone. Much torn. For
the first two
selions see No 336; for the third see No. 337; for the fourth and fifth see No. 338. For the
remaining two there
is no separate charter His institution to the vicarage of Long Bennington does not seem to be
recorded.
*Gonerby. 
FOSTON 341. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Idonea, daughter of Roger Cusyn of Foston, in her
free
widowhood and liege power, to Robert of Foston, dwelling in Ledenham', of three selions of
arable land in the
east field of Foston, lying between the land of the same Robert on S. and that of William of
Stylton on N., and
abutting upon Redlandheuedgate eastward. and upon the path lying below the court of Roger
Cusyn her father
westward. To hold of the said Idonea and her heirs, rendering therefor yearly a silver halfpenny at
Christmas.
Warranty. Witnesses: Hugh of Hyldick' in Foston; William of Stylston (sic) in the same; Ralph of
Westburgh in
Binigton; Henry de la Chambre in the same; William Samson, Robert of Scaldeford, Geoffrey
Couyn. Seal.
Endorsed : Carta Idonee Cusyn. Redd. j. ob. ad Natal' dni. 342. N.d. Grant and confirmation by
Idonea, daughter
of Roger Cosin of Foston, in her free widowhood and liege power, to Robert of Foston, clerk,
dwelling in
Ledenham. of a selion of her land in the field of Foston upon le Southou. next the land of
William of Stilton on
N., and abutting upon the headland of Geoffrey son of Symon eastwards, and upon Suthmerefure
westwards.
To hold of the said Idonea, her heirs and assigns, rendering therefor yearly a clove of gillyflower
at the Nativity
of St John Baptist. Warranty. Witnesses: Sir Ralph, vicar of Benigthon; Henry of the Chamber,
Ralph of
Westburg', William Sampson, Robert of Scaldeford, of the same; Hugh of Hyldick' in Foston:
William of Stilton,
Symon his son. Walter le Mareschal, Robert son of Walter of Hyldyck', of the same. Seal. 343.
1283, 28 March
[Sunday after the Annunciation.) Ledenham. To all Christ's faithful who shall see or hear this
writing, Idonea,
daughter of Roger Cusyn of Foston, health in the Lord. Know ye that l have received as a loan
and have had of
Robert of Foston, dwelling in Ledenham, twenty shillings of good sterlings, to be paid to the
same Robert or his
certain Leadenham. 
232 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS attorney who shall restore to me this writing, on
the feast of
Pentecost (6 June), A.D. 1283, without further delay : the which twenty shillings if I pay not to
the said Robert
at the term aforesaid, I will and grant for me and my heirs that two selions of my land on the west
side of the
town of Foston, lying under the court sometime of Jordan son of Walter of the same, between the
land of
Walter de la Wodehuse on one side and the land of William of Stilton on the other, shall remain,
quit, freely
and absolutely, to the said Robert and his heirs or assigns in fee and heritage, to hold of me and
my heirs,
rendering therefor yearly to me and my heirs a silver halfpenny at Christmas for all secular
services, customs
and demands. In witness whereof l have set my seal to this writing. Witnesses: Hugh of Hildick
in Foston,
William of Stilton in the same, Ralph of Wesburgh in Benigton, Henry de la Chambre in the
same, William
Samson of the same, Robert of Scalford in the same, Geoffrey Couayn of the same, and others.
sub curia
Endorsed : Carta Idonee Cusyn Jordani de Foston. 344. N.d. Grant and confirmation, in her liege
widowhood
and power, by Ydonia, daughter of Roger Cosin of Foston to Henry, son of William Kniht of
Brantestona, of
three selions of arable land in the territory of Foston; whereof forslong), between the land one
lies upon le H
of Walter of Wodehous and that of William of Stilton, abutting upon the land of Robert son of
Custance, and at
its west head upon that of the said Ydonia; and one selion at Pomand (ik) between the land of
William le
Palmer and that of William of Stilton, with one head abutting upon the king's way called
Gumthramgate, and
the other head upon Pomandik; and one selion in Flaxmer, between the land of William of
Stilton and that of
Geoffrey le Breuour, with one head abutting upon the headland of Geoffrey son of Symon. and
the other upon
the headland of the same Geoffrey, with all appurtenances and easements within the town and
without to
such land appertaining. To hold of the said Ydonia, her heirs or assigns, to the said Henry, his
heirs or assigns,
freely. quit, in peace, entirely, by right of inheritance, rendering therefor yearly a root of ginger
on St John
Baptist's day for 
FOSTON 233 all services, etc. Warranty. For this grant and confirmation the said Roger has
given a sum of
money in gressom. Witnesses: Hugh of Hildik in Sutton, William of Stilton of the same. William
le Palmer,
(Henry) de Camera in Binigton. [William) Sampson, Ralph of Westburg, Robert of Scaldeford,
John of
Colingham, John son of Ralph, Geoffrey Couzyn. Seal gone. 345. N.d. Grant and confirmation
by Ydonia,
sometime the daughter of Roger Cusyn of Fostona, in her free and liege widowhood, her proper,
pure and full
power, to Henry son of William Knythe of Brantestona, his heirs or assigns, or to whomsoever,
etc., of six
selions of land in the territory of Fostona, viz. one at Thyrspittes, between the land sometime of
William
Alewyn and that of Walter of Wodehus; one beyond le Kyrkegate, next the land of Walter of
Wodehous: one
upon Toftis, next the land of William Ysaac; one above Schortlandes, next the land of William
Legath and that
which was sometime of the said Ydonia in the west field of Fostona; one above Foxoles, next the
land of
Alexander Yue; and one upon Peslandes next the land of William Bonefaunt in the east field of
Fostona. To
hold. etc., as they lie and abut in either field of Fostona, etc., rendering therefor yearly to the said
Ydonia, her
heirs or assigns, a silver halfpenny on St John Baptist's day for all services, etc. Warranty. For
this grant the said
Henry has given to the said Ydonia a sum of money in her sore need. Witnesses: sir Ralph, vicar
of Bynigton;
Henry of the Chamber in the same; William Sampson; Ralph of Westburk; Robert of
Schaldeford; John of
Colingham; Hugh of Hyldick of Fostona; William le Paumer; William of Stylton of the same.
Seal gone. 346. N.d.
Grant and confirmation by Idonea, daughter of Roger Cosyn of Foston, to Henry, son of William
Kniht of
Branteston, his heirs or assigns, or to whomsoever, etc., of a selion of arable land in the west
field of Foston,
viz. under the windmill between the land of Walter of Wodehous and that of Richard, son of
William in the
Churchyard, abutting 
 234 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS at one head eastwards and at the other
westwards. To hold of the
said Idonea, her heirs or assigns, etc., rendering therefor yearly a race of ginger at Easter for all
services, etc.
Warranty. For this grant the said Henry has given a sum of money to the said Idonea as a
gressom. Witnesses:
sir Ralph, vicar of Binigton; Henry of the Chamber of the same; William Sampson; Ralph of
Westburg; Hugh of
Hildik in Foston; William of Stilton; William le Palmer. Seal gone. 347. N.d. Grant by Ydonea,
sometime the
daughter of Roger Cosin of Foston, in her free widowhood and good prosperity also, to Henry
son of William
Kniht of Brantestone, his heirs or assigns, or to whomsoever he will, wheresoever and
whensoever, in sickness
or in good health, he will give, sell, bequeath or assign them, of nineteen selions of arable land in
the territory
of Foston', and of a plot of meadow in the meadow of the same; of the which selions one lies
upon le
Waterfores, between the land of Walter of Wodehows anc that of William of Stiltona; and one at
Pomandik,
betweer the land of William Palmer and that of William of Stiltona: and one in Flaxmer, between
the land of
William of Stiltona and that of Geoffrey Breuor; and one at Thirspittes, between the land
sometime of William
Alewyn and that of Walter of Wodehows; and one beyond le Kirkegate, next the land of Walter
of Wodehows;
and one upon Toftes, next the land of William Ysaac; and one upon Schortlandes, next the land
of William
Legath; and one upon Foxholes, next the land of Alexander Yue; and one upon Peslandes, next
the land of
William Bonenfaunt; and one in Northmere, between the land of Geoffrey Dikil and that
sometime of Richard
Thedrik; and one in le More, between the land of William Hilledik and that of William of
Stiltona; and one upon
le Waterfores, between the land of Geoffrey Breuor and that which was of William le Palmer;
and one
between le Sike and le Bekre, between the land of William of Stiltona and that of Gilbert son of
Geoffrey; and
one at Tobekkes, between the land of William of Stiltona and that of Richard son of Gilbert: and
one at
Newengdike, between the land of William son of For the first three selions see No. 344; for the
next six see No.
345. There is no separate charter for any but one of the remaining ten. 
FOSTON 235 Geoffrey and that of Reynald son of Malke; and one upon Engedikforlong,
between the land of
William of Stiltona and that of William Palmer; and one beneath the windmill of Foston,
between the land of
Walter of Wodehows and that of Richard at the Church'; and one at Hinorthlittelhil, next the land
of Richard at
the Church; and one at Molksbrigges, between the land of Richard at the Church and that of John
son of
Hawise; and a plot of meadow which lies upon Toftes. and contains one rood, with all their
appurtenances,
liberties and easements, to wit in leasowes and pastures and paths, both within the town and
without,
appertaining to so much land and meadow. To hold, etc., of the said Ydonea and her heirs or
assigns, freely,
etc., rendering therefor yearly a silver penny at the Nativity of St John Baptist for all services, etc.
Warranty.
And for this gift, grant, and confirmation the said Henry has given the said Ydonea a sum of
money in hand in
her sore need. Witnesses: sir Ralph, vicar of Binigtona, Henry of the Chamber in the same,
William Sampson,
Ralph of Westburg. Robert of Scaldeford, John of Colingham. John son of Ralph in Binigtona,
Hugh of Hilledik in
Fostona, William of Stiltona, William Palmer. Seal gone. 348. N.d. Grant and confirmation by
Ydonia, daughter
of Roger Cusyn in Foston, to Henry son of William Knitht of Branteston, his heirs or assigns, or
to whomsoever,
wheresoever and whensoever he will give, sell, bequeath or assign it, whether in sickness or in
good health, of
a plot in the town of Foston with a solar and cellar founded in the same. between the land of John
of Houton
and that of William of Stilton, containing in breadth 50 feet, and abutting at one head towards the
king's way
and at the other upon the field. To hold of the said Ydonia and her heirs, rendering therefor
yearly a
peppercorn on Christmas day for all services, etc. Warranty. The said Henry has given a sum of
money as a
gressom. Witnesses: sir Ralph, vicar of Binigton; Henry of the Chamber in the same; William
Sampson; Ralph of
Westeberg; Hugh of Hildike in Foston. Seal gone. See No. 346. 
 236 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 349. 1285-6. 22 Feb. [St Peter's chair, 14 Edw.
Binigton. Grant and
confirmation by Ydonia, daughter of Roger Cusyn of Fostona, in her proper and lawful
widowhood, to Henry
son of William Kyncht (sic) of Brancetona in Binigton, and his heirs, or to whomsoever, etc., of
a messuage in
the town of Fostona with a solar and cellar built in the same, lying between the toft of John of
Houtona and
that of William of Styltona, containing in breadth 50 feet, with one head abutting towards the
king s way, and
the other upon the east field of the same town, with all the liberties and easements within the
town of
Fostona and without to the same messuage appertaining. To hold, etc. Jas in the preceding
charter). Warranty.
For this grant the said Henry has given a sum of money to the said Ydonia in her need.
Witnesses: sir Ralph,
vicar of Binigton; Henry of the Chamber in the same; William Sampson; Ralph of Westeburg;
Hugh of Hyldik in
Foustona. Seal gone. 350. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Cecily, daughter of Walter de la
Wdhuse, Thomas her
son, and Richard le Enueyle) her husband, to Alice her sister, of four selions of arable land in the
fields of
Foston, to wit, in the east field two, one at Crundicend next the land of John Brun on E., and
containing in itself
a perch and four vad', (?) and one to wit, the nearest selion in the west field upon West westward
of the four
selions which were of Roger Cosin; and one upon le Suthhou, abutting upon the land of John son
o William in
the Churchyard at the east head; and one upon Westwrongland, next the land of the said Alice,
daughter of
Walter de la Wdehuse; and the third part of the said Cecily's dove-house in Foston, upon the
messuage
sometime of Roger Cosin, with free entry and exit without hindrance to Alice in her lifetime. To
hold of the
grantors and their heirs for a sum of money paid in hand, rendering therefor yearly a silver
farthing at the feast
of St John Baptist, at the house of the grantors in the town of Foston. Warranty. Witnesses: Sir
Ralph, vicar of
Binigton; Henry of the Chamber, Ralph of Westeburg', in the same; Thomas Brun. William
Sampson, of the
same; John of Colyngham in the same. Seal gone. 
FOSTON 237 351. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Cecily, daughter of Walter de la Wdhuse,
Richard Lenveyle'
and Thomas son of the said Cecily, to Alice her sister of Foston, her heirs or to whomsoever, etc.,
of a selion of
arable land in the east field of Foston under Littelhil, between the land of Avice, sister of the said
Cecily, and
that of William son of Geoffrey in the Churchyard. To hold, etc., of the grantors and their heirs
for a certain
sum of money paid in hand, rendering therefor yearly a farthing at the feast of St John Baptist in
Foston.
Warranty. Witnesses: Sir Ralph, vicar of Binigton; Henry of the Chamber, Ralph of Westeburg',
John of
Colingham, in the same; Richard of Binington, Richard Somer, Robert of Berford, of Foston.
Three seals. 352.
N.d. Release and quitclaim by Alice who was the wife of William the miller of Bynington to
John of Rouceby of
Foston, of her right and claim in three selions of arable land in the fields of Foston, which the
same John has of
the gift and feoffment of John le Marchale her son. Warranty. Witnesses: Walter of Hildik,
Matthew of
Braham, of Foston; William Saumson, Thomas Broun, of Binigton; William Beuerege of
Merston. Seal gone.
353. N.d. Grant and confirmation, in her pure widow hood and lawful power, by Alice, daughter
of Walter
Vodehous, dwelling in the town of Foston, to William of Beningfeld, carpenter, dwelling in the
town of
Binington, of four selions of arable land lying in the fields of Fostone, viz.. one upon le Milnehil
next the land of
Richard Somer on W.. abutting at the north head upon the headland sometime of Walter Cordian;
another
upon le Southou, between the land of William Gilbert on N., abutting at the west head upon the
land of Ralph
Chapman; another upon le Waterforoues. between the land of Richard Somer on S. and that of
Robert Gerard
on N.; and one upon le Rede de le Milnehil between the land of William of Heckingtone on W.
and that of 'Or
Lenveyse; also called Veyse, le Veyse, Weyse. *Alice, daughter of Walter de la Wodehus, and
widow of William
Marchal. 
238 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS William at the Cross on E. To hold of the said
Alice, her heirs or
assigns, for ever, doing to the chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Henry of the Chamber,
William Sampson,
Thomas Broun, of Biningtone; Henry of Braunstone; Richard Somer of Fostone. Seal gone. 354.
N.d. Grant and
confirmation by Alice, daughter of Walter de le Wodehous, dwelling in the town of Fostone, to
William of
Benifeud, carpenter, dwelling in the town of Biningtone, of a selion of arable land in the west
field of Fostone,
between the land which Robert en le Wro sometime held on W., and that sometime of John
Gerard on E.,
abutting at the north head upon Northingdiche and at the south head upon the headland of Walter
Blound;
and of a smail plot (modicam placeam) of a meadow in le Swothwarlotes, abutting at the north
head upon
Stacholmdige, and at the south head upon le Bec. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Henry of
the Chamber, William Sampson, of Biningtone; Henry of Braunston, Thomas Brown, Richard of
Cleipoll, Richard
Somer of Fostone. Seal. 355. 1295, 31 July [Sunday bejore St Peter's Chains, 23 Edw. I.] Foston.
Grant and
confirmation by Avice, daughter of Walter de la Wodhus, dwelling in the town of Foston, to
William of
Biningfeld, carpenter, of 17 selions of arable land in the fields of Foston, and four plots of
meadow in the
meadows of the same town. The selions lying thus through the fields, viz. in the east field one,
abutting upon
the toft sometime of Roger Cusyn, lying next the land of the monks of Binington' on S.; one
beyond
Granthamgate, lying between the land sometime of Walter Herui on either side; one above
Foteswelle,
abutting upon Neueenggate northward, next the land of John Brun; one upon Littilhil, between
the land of
Walter at the Well on either side; one at Littilbrig, abutting upon the land of Gilbert Lewin
eastward; one by
South The monks of Savigny (Manche) who occupied the alien priory of Long Bennington. 
FOSTON Byndickgate, lying next the land of the same tenement and that sometime of William
son of Geoffrey
in the Churchyard: in the west field one at Pomandick, abutting upon the king's way southward
and upon
Pomandick northward; one at Souythmer, abutting upon the headland of Robert Gerard westward
and upon le
Sike which comes from Souythmer eastward; one at the windmill which was sometime of Roger
Cusyn; one in
Westmerdale, abutting upon Alynton heuedis southwards; one ad antrum sometime of Walter
Brune, between
the land of the same tenement and that sometime of Robert son of Custance; one in le Bouttis on
the S. side of
le Toftis, and abutting upon the headland sometime of Robert of Foston, lying between the land
of Richard
Somer and that of William Burre; one abutting upon le Westbeke. lying between the land of
Richard in the
Churchyard and that of Richard Gamil; one upon the south side of le Wodgate, lying next the
land sometime of
John Jordan; one ad antrum sometime of Hugh of Hilledick, extending in length next the
boundary on S.; one in
le Wotfuris', abutting upon the land of the same tenement eastwards and that of Thomas Godbarn
westwards;
one upon Crumbdick, abutting upon the king's way eastward, and lying next the land sometime
of Hugh of
Hylledick. The meadow lying thus, viz. a plot in Northeng, lying between the meadow of the
monks and that of
Nicholas son of Robert of Foston; a plot in Engdick, lying between the meadow of Richard
Somer and that of
the same tenement; a plot upon le Souythedik in Engdick, next the meadow of Richard Somer; a
plot in
Neueng, lying next the carucate of meadow sometime of John Jordan. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
For this grant the said William has given to the said Avice a sum of money in her great need.
Witnesses:
Richard of Binington, dwelling in Foston; Robert of Berford in the same; Richard Somer of the
same; Henry of
the Chamber in Binington; Thomas Brun of the same; William Sampson in the same; Henry of
Braunston in the
same. Seal. 356. 1295-6, 1 Jan. (Circumcision, 24 Edw. I.] Bynyngtona. Grant and confirmation
by Avice,
daughter of Walter 1.c., Waterfuris. 
 240 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS of Wodehus, dwelling in Fostona, in her free
widowhood and lawful
power, to William Capuntar' (sic) of Benyngfeld, for a sum of money which the said William of
Benyngfeld,
carpenter, had given in hand, of two selions of arable land in the territory of Fostona, viz. one at
Milnegate,
which extends towards Adlingtouma', in the which selion the mill sometime of Roger Kosin of
Fostona is wont
to stand, even as the said selion lies in length and in breadth between the land of Richard Sumur
on N. and
that of William son of Geoffrey son of Simon of Fostona on S.; and the other at Westbec,
between the land of
Richard in the Churchyard of Fostona towards S. and that of Richard Gamil of the same towards
N., abutting at
one head upon Westebec to W., and at the other upon the land sometime of Geoffrey Dikel
towards E. To hold
of the said Avice and her heirs, rendering therefor yearly to the chief lord a silver halfpenny at
Christmas for all
secular services, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Sampson, Thomas Brun, Henry of the
Chamber, of
Bynygtona; Richard of Claypol in Fostona; Robert of Berford of the same. Seal. 357. Same date.
Benygton.
Grant and confirmation by Avice, daughter of Walter of Wodehus in Foston Jetc. as above) to
William of
Benyfeld, carpenter, for a sum of money which he has paid in hand, of seven selions of arable
land in the
territory of Foston', as they lie in the places below written, viz. one at Milnegate, which passes
between Foston
and Adlyngton, lying between the land of Richard Somer on N. and that of William son of
Geoffrey son of
Symon on S., in the which selion the mill which was of Roger Cosyn of Foston sometime used to
stand; one at
Westbeck, between the land of Richard in the Churchyard of Foston southward, and that of
Richard Gamel of
the same northward, the head whereof abuts upon Westbeck westward and the other head upon
the land
sometime of Geoffrey Dykel eastward; one on the W. side of Crumdykgate, between the land of
Richard son of
Thomas Ysaac and that of Robert son of Walter Gerard; one upon Saltmerfurlong, between the
land of Walter
son of Hugh of Hyldyck and that of John Broun, and abutting upon the Allington. *For the first
two selions see
No. 356; for the next two. No. 358; for the next two, No. 359; and for the next, No. 360. 
FOSTON 241 land of Thomas Godbarn; one in the place called Granthamgate, between the land
of William son
of Walter Heruy on either side, the head whereof abuts upon the headland of William Gilberd
eastward and
the other head abuts upon the land of John Broun westward; one between the land of John Broun
of Foston
on E. and that of William Gilberd on W., whereof one head abuts upon Neuhenggate northward
and the other
upon the headland of Richard at the Church southward; and one between the land of Richard
Somer eastward
and that of Cecily, daughter of Walter of Wodehous west ward, whereof one head abuts upon
Pomandyk
northward and the other head abuts upon Granthamgate southward. Grant and confirmation also
of all that
plot of meadow in Northenge at Wadholm, which lies between the meadow of the monks of
Benygton of W.
and that of Nicholas of Ledenham on E. and abuts upon le Suthdyck. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Henry de la Chaumbre of Benygton; Robert of Berford; Richard of Cleypol in
Foston; Richard
Somer, Richard at the Church, of the same; Thomas Broun, William Sampson, of Benygton;
Henry of Braunzton,
John of Colyngham, in the same. Seal. 358. 1295-6, 11 Feb. [Saturday bejore St Valentine, 24
Edw. I.] Binigton.
Grant and confirmation by Avice, daughter of Walter of Wodehuse, dwelling in Foston, in her
free widowhood
and lawful power, to William of Binigfeld, carpenter, of three selions of arable land lying in the
territory of
Foston, viz. one at Westbek between the land of Richard in the Churchyard of Foston southward
and that of
Richard Gamil of the same northward; another on the west side of Crumdicgate between the land
of Richard
son of Thomas Ysaac and that of Robert son of Walter Gerard on S.; and the third upon
Saltmerfurlong
between the land of Walter son of Hugh of Hildic and that of John Brun on N., abutting at the
west head upon
the land of Thomas Godbarn; and of a plot of meadow in Northeng at Wadholm abutting upon le
Suthdic, lying
between the meadow of the monks of Binigton on W. and that of Nicholas of Ledenham or the
carucate on E.
To hold of the chief lords, etc., rendering therefor yearly a silver halfpenny at Christmas for all
worldly service,
etc. 
 242 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Warranty. For this grant the said William has
given a sum of money
in hand to the said Avice. Witnesses: Henry of the Chamber in Binigton; William Sampson of
the same; Thomas
Brun in the same; Richard of Claypol in Foston; Robert of Berford in the same. Seal gone. 359.
1296, 22 April
[Sunday before St Mark, 24 Edw. 1.) Apud Fostonam. Grant and confirmation by Avice,
daughter of Walter of
Wodehuse, dwelling in Fostona, in her pure widowhood and lawful power, to William of
Benygfeld, carpenter,
of two selions of arable land lying in the fields of Fostona, viz. one beyond the way called
Grantamgate
between the land of William son of Walter Herui on either side, abutting at one head upon the
headland of
William Gilberde eastward, and at the other head upon the land of John Bruin westward; and the
other
between the land of John Bruin of Fostona on E. and that of William Gilberd on W., abutting at
one head upon
Neuhenggate northward, and at the other head upon the headland of Richard at the Church
southward. To
hold of the said Avice, her heirs or assigns, and of the lord of the fee, etc., rendering yearly to the
lord of the
fee a silver penny at Christmas, and to the said Avice, her heirs or assigns, an iron needle at the
said term for
all worldly services, etc. Warranty. For this grant the said William has given to the said Avice a
sum of money in
hand in her need. Witnesses: Richard of Claypol in Fostona; Richard Sumur of the same; Henry
of the Chamber,
Thomas Bruin William Sampson, of Bynyngton. Seal gone. 360. 1296, 6 May (Sunday before
Pentecost, 24 Edw.
1. Grant and confirmation by Avice Jas before) to William of Benyngfeld, carpenter, of a selion
of arable land
lying in the territory of Fostona, in the east field, between the land of Richard Somur towards E.
and that of
Cecily daughter of Walter of (sic) (which she) sometime held towards W., abutting at one head
upon Pomandik
towards N., and at the other head upon Grantamgate towards S. To hold of the said Avice, her
heirs and
assigns, and of the lord of the fee. 
FOSTON 243 rendering therefor yearly to the chief lord a silver farthing at Christmas, and to the
said Avice, her
heirs and assigns, an iron nail for all worldly services, etc. Warranty. For this grant the said
William has given to
the said Avice a sum of money in her need. Witnesses: Richard of Claypol, dwelling in Fostona;
Richard Somur
of Fostona; Henry of the Chamber in Binyngtona: Thomas Bruin of the same; William Sampson
of Benyngtona.
Seal. 361. 1296, 5 July (Thursday after St Peter and St Paul, 24 Edw. I.] In full court held at
Benygton. Grant and
bond of Alice, daughter of Walter of Wodehouse of Foston, and Avice her sister, to the effect
that, whereas
Richard Weyse of Mamesfeld', Cecily his wife, their sister, and Thomas, son and heir of the said
Cecily, have, by
the common assent of them all, conjointly enfeoffed William of Benyfeld, carpenter, of a selion
of arable land
in the field of Foston, containing in itself an acre of land, and on this account in their urgent
necessity, for the
relief of their poverty, have received a competent sum of money in hand from the same William,
and at the
instance of the said Richard, Cecily and Thomas, and for a sum of money which the same
William has paid in
hand to the said Alice and Avice, they bind themselves and their heirs to warrant the premises to
the said
William, his heirs and assigns. Witnesses: Henry of the Chamber, Thomas Brun, William
Sampson, of Benygton;
Henry of Braunteston in the same; Robert of Bereford; Richard of Claypol; Richard at the
Church, Richard
Somer, of Foston. One seal. 362. 1296, 21 Oct. [Sunday after St Luke, 26 Edw. I.) Fostona. Grant
and
confirmation by Alice, daughter of Walter of Wodehouse, dwelling in Fostona, in her pure
widowhood and
lawful power, to William of Benifeld, carpenter, of a plot of meadow lying in Northeng in a place
called
Redeholme, and on one side next the water called Mansfield. In Nos. 350, 351 Richard Weyse is
called Richard
Enveyle, Lenveyle. 
 244 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Wyyem'. To hold of the chief lords. Warranty.
For this grant the said
William has given in hand a sum of money to the said Alice in her need. Witnesses: Richard of
Benigtona in
Fostona; Richard Somur, Robert of Berford, of the same; Henry of the Chamber in Bynigtona;
William Sampson,
Thomas Bruin, of the same; John of Colingham in Benigtona. Seal gone. 363. 1296-7, 17 Feb.
[Sunday bejore St
Peter's chair, 25 Edw. I.] Foston. Grant and confirmation by Alice Marchal, daughter of Walter of
Wodhuse,
dwelling in Foston, in her pure widowhood and liege power, to William of Benyfeld. carpenter,
of four selions
of arable land in the territory of Foston, viz. one selion upon le Suthou, which she bought of
Avice her sister,
between the land of Robert of Foston on S. and that of the monks of Binigton on N., abutting at
one head upon
the headland of William son of Geoffrey son of Simon towards E. and at the other upon the land
which she
bought of Cecily her sister towards W.; another in Long. wronglond between the land of Richard
Beysse (sic) on
W. and that sometime of Cecily her sister, abutting at the N. head upon the land sometime of
William
Bonfaunt, and at the S. head upon the boundary towards Adlington; the third between the land of
Geoffrey
Dikeril on S. and that sometime of Roger Cosin on N., abutting at the E. head upon the selion in
which the mill
which was of Roger Cosyn was wont to stand', and at the W. head upon the headland of Geoffrey
Dikeril'; and
the fourth between the land of Robert son of Custance on S. and that of Thomas Godbarn on N.,
abutting sat
one) head upon the land of John of Houtona. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. For this
grant the said
William has given to the said Alice a sum of money in hand. Witnesses: Richard of Binigton in
Foston; Robert of
Berford, Richard Somer, in the same; Henry of the Chamber, Thomas Brun, William Sampson,
in Binigton; John
of Colingham. Seal gone. Witham. The Witham forme the N. boundary of the parish of Foston.
dividing it from
Westborough. *Cf. Nos. 355, 356. *Elsewhere called Dikel, Dikil. Dykel. 
FOSTON 364. 1297, 18 April (Thursday after St Tiburtius and St Valerian.] Foston. Grant and
confirmation by
Alice Marchal las before) to William of Benifeld, carpenter, of a selion of arable land in the east
field of Foston
at le Redlandes, next the land of William sometime at the Church on N., abutting at the W. head
upon the land
of the monks of Binigton, and at the E. head upon that of William Gilbert. To hold of the chief
lords, etc.
Warranty. For this grant the said William has given the said Alice a sum of money in hand.
Witnesses: Richard
of Cleypol, Richard Somur, Robert of Berford, in Foston; Henry of the Chamber in Binigton;
Thomas Brun of the
same; William Sampson; John of Coluingham. Seal. 365. 1297, 25 April [St Mark, 25 Edw. I.]
Grant and
confirmation by Nicholas Brus, son of Idonea Cosyn of Foston. to William of Benyfeld,
carpenter, of a selion of
arable land in the east field of Foston, between the land of Richard Somer on S. and that of
William of Benifeld
on N., abutting at the west head upon the plot sometime of Roger Cosyn and at the east head
upon the way
called Granthamgate; and of her whole part of a plot of land whereon the mill sometime of Roger
Cosin was
wont to stand, together with her whole part of a post standing upon the same place. To hold of
the chief lords,
etc. Warranty. For this grant the said William his given to the said Nicholas a sum of money in
hand. Witnesses:
Richard of Cleypol in Foston; Richard Somer, Robert of Berford, in the same; Henry of the
Chamber in Binigton;
Thomas Brun, William Sampson, of the same; John of Colingham. Seal gone. 366. 1297, 14 June
(Thursday after
St Barnabas, 25 Edw. I.) Foston. Grant and confirmation by Richard le Veyse of Mamesfeld and
Cecily, daughter
of Walter of Wodhus, and Thomas, son of the said Cecily, to William of Benyfeld, carpenter, of
their whole part
of a rood and a half of meadow, lying at the south head of Neuheng, between the meadow of the
neifs' of the
town of Foston on either side. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty. The nativi, i.e. serfs,
villeins 
 246 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: Richard of Benigton in Foston;
Richard Somur, Robert of
Berford, of the same; Henry of the Chamber in Binigton; Thomas Brun of the same; William
Sampson; John of
Colingham. Seal gone. 367. 1297,26 June [Wed. ajter St John Baptist, 25 Edw. 1.) Fostona.
Grant and
confirmation by Richard le Weyse of Mamesfeld, Cecily, daughter of Walter of Wodehuse, and
Thomas, son of
the said Cecily, to William of Benifeld, carpenter, of two selions of arable land in the territory of
Fostona, viz.
one on the S. side of Neuhenggate next the land of William Syre on N. and that sometime of
William
Bonefaunte on S., abutting at the east head upon the headland of Walter in the Corner; and the
other upon le
Redemilnehil between the land of William at the Cross and that of William Burre, abutting at the
south head
upon the headland of William Gilberde. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty. For this grant
the said William
has given a sum of money in hand. Witnesses: Richard of Benygtona in Fostona; Richard Somur,
Robert of
Berford, of the same; Henry of the Chamber in Benygtona; Thomas Bruine of the same; William
Sampson; John
of Colingham of Benygtona. Seal broken. 368. 1297, 12 Dec. [Thursday after St Nicholas, 26
Edw Foston. Grant
and confirmation, by mutual consent, of Richard Veyse of Mamysfeld, Cecily, daughter of
Walter de la
Wodhuse, his wife, sometime dwelling in Foston, and Thomas son of Hugh of Mamysfeld, son
and heir of the
said Cecily', to William of Byningfeld, carpenter, of six selions of arable land in the fields of
Foston, viz. one in le
Waterfurs next the land of William upon the Hill of the same fee: one bysuth (sic) Wodegate,
abutting upon
Westbeck; one ad antrum of Gilbert Benne between the land of the said William and that of
Nicholas of
Foston; one at Pomandick next his land on S.; one by Northlutelhyl, abutting upon the headland
of William Gilb
Jert), and one at the gate of the mill next the land of Geoffrey le Breuur. To hold of the chief
lords, etc. Thomas
was apparently Cecily's son by her firet husband. 
FOSTON Warranty. For this grant the said William has given a sum of money in hand to the said
Richard, etc., in
their great need. Witnesses: Robert of Berford. Richard of Bynigton, in Foston; Richard Somer of
the same;
Henry of the Chamber in Bynigton; William Sampson, Thomas Brune, of the same; John of
Colyngham in the
same. Three seals. 369. 1297. 29 Dec. [Sunday after St John Evangelist, 26 Edw. I.) Fostona.
Grant and
confirmation by Avice. daughter of Walter of Wodehouse, dwelling in Fostona, in her pure
widowhood and
lawful power, to William of Benifeld, carpenter, of a selion of arable land in the west field of
Fostona, lying
upon le Wodegate southward, between the land of John le Caunt which he held southward and
the land of
John Jurdan (which he sometime held northward, abutting at the E. head upon the land of Robert
en le Wro
which he held, and at the other head upon the land of Geoffrey Dikil westward. To hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Warranty. For this grant the said William has given the said Avice a sum of money in hand.
Witnesses: Richard
of Benigtona in Fostona; Richard Somur of the same; Robert Derford (sic) in the same; Henry of
the Chamber,
Thomas Brun, William Sampson, John of Colingham, of Benigtona. Seal gone. 370. 1297-8, 26
Feb. (Wed. after
St Matthew (sic), 26 Edw. I.] Foston. Grant and confirmation by Alice, daughter of Walter de la
Wodhuse,
dwelling in Foston, in her free widowhood and lawful power, to William of Beningfeld,
carpenter, of a selion of
arable land in the west field of Foston, lying upon le West Wrongland, between the land of the
said William on
E. and that of Thomas Godbarn on W., and abutting upon the headland sometime of William
Bonenfaunte of
Wytlandis northward and upon the boundary which divides the fields of the said town of Foston
and of the
town of Alynton southwards; and of a plot of meadow in the meadows of the said town of Foston
in Northyng.
viz. The year ie given as 1297, but St Matthew must be wrong, if 26 Edw. I. is right. St Matthias
is obviously
meant. 
 248 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS lying at le Nettilbushe and abutting upon the
south antrum of
Northyng southwards and upon the headland of Redeholme northwarde; and also of her whole
part which she
had in a plot of the site (fundi) of the aforesaid (sic) windmill in the same field of the said town
of Foston,
which was sometime of Roger Cosyn. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses :
Richard of
Bynington in Foston; Robert of Berford, dwelling in Claypol; Richard Somer of Foston; Henry of
the Chamber in
Bynington; Thomas Brune in the same; William Sampson of the same; John of Colyngham in the
same. Seal
gone. 371. 1315-6, 16 Feb. [St Julian the virgin, 9 Edw. II. Foston. Grant and confirmation by
William the miller
of Bynington and Alice his wife to John le Marchale, of three selions of arable land in the field of
Foston, which
they had of the inheritance of the said Alice during her life. [The selions are specified as in the
following
charter, but Sleytefoures is written Sleytefourres, and Gerard, Gerarad.) To hold of the chief
lords, etc. [No
warranty.) Witnesses: Walter of Hyldik, Matthew of Braham, of Foston; William Saumson,
Thomas Broun, of
Bynington; William Beuerege of Merston. One seal. 372. 1315-6, 24 Feb. (St Matthias, 9 Edw.
II.] Foston. Grant
and confirmation by John le Marschalle of Bynigton to John of Rouceby of Foston, his wife,
heirs and assigns, of
three selions of arable land in the field of Foston, whereof one lies at Sleytefoures between the
land of
Sauenay' and that of Richard Somer, and another in the same furlong between the land of John of
Rischehale
and that of John at the Church, and the third upon Redelandes between the land of Robert Gerard
and that of
Robert Furmage. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William Sampson,
Thomas Brun, of
Bynigton; Walter of Hyldik of Foston; William Beuereg' of Merston; Richard the clerk. Seal
(broken). Savigny:
see No. 354 note. 
FOSTON 249 373. N.d.* Grant and confirmation by John Mauniel of Foston to Alice, daughter
of Walter Rik of
Binigton, of fourteen selions of arable land in the territory of Foston, together with half an acre of
meadow in
the fields of the same; whereof one selion lies at the antrum of Walter Brown, between the land
of Walter de
Russal and that of John de Russal; one in le Waterfores, between the land of Oliver at the Church
and that of
William Formage; one between le Sik and le Beke, between the land of John lue and that of John
de Russal;
one in le Beke, between the land of Walter Wilmer and that of Thomas Alisonder; one at
Cliuefen, between the
land of John of Braunston and that of Walter Wilmer; one in le More, between the land of John
of Berford and
that of Thomas Alisonder; one in le More, between the land of the abbot of Savigny (Saucinaco)
and that of
Richard at the cross; one upon le Houe, between the land of John de Russal and that of William
Godbarn; one
at Neuerpesland, between the land of John at the Church and that of William Godbarn; one at
Willerwach,
between the land of Walter of Hildik and that of Hugh Borre; one at Thornham, between the land
of John de
Russal and that of William Roys; one at Broding Wong. between the land of Agnes Godbarn and
that of Robert
Jerrard; one at Neryingdik, between the land of Walter of Hildik and that of William Godbarn;
one among
Milngates, between the land of John de Russal and that of Thomas Alisonder; and half an acre of
meadow in
Engedik, as it belongs by mutation. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William
Sampson,
Thomas de Camera, of Binigton; Walter of Hildik, John of Rouceby, of Foston. Seal gone. 374.
1317, 3 July
(Sunday bejore the Translation of St Thomas the Martyr, 10 Edw. II.) Foston. Grant and
confirmation by John
Maunayel of Seggebrok to John of Rouceby of Foston and Emma his wife, their heirs and
assigns, of 13 selions
of arable land with half an acre of meadow in the fields of Foston, viz. one at Latsum, between
the land of
Thomas Godebarne and that sometime of Ralph Willemer; another upon Smalhalueacres,
between the land of
Oliver at *This undated charter does not seem to be earlier than c. 1317. 

250 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS the Church and that of John of Rhishale; the
third upon the S side of
Estwelgate, between the land of Robert Gerard and that of Richard Royse; the fourth at
Westworngland,
between the land of Richard Jurdan and that of Richard Gerard; the fifith at Heydyk, between the
land of
Walter of Hildyk and that of Isabel Kaunt; the sixth at Thornham, next the land of Richard son of
Royse; the
seventh at Redewong, between the land of Walter of Hildik and that of the monks; the eighth at
Bindic gate,
between the land of Richard Jurdan and that of Ralph Willemer; the ninth abuts upon Neuinggate
next the land
of Walter of Hildyk; the tenth in the Mor, next the land of John of Rouceby; the eleventh abuts
upon Engedik
between the land of Richard Jurdan and that of Ralph Willemer; the twelfth at Waterfoures,
between the land
of John at the Church and that of the monks; and the thirteenth abuts upon the headland of John
Maunayel,
and lies between the land of William the miller and that of Richard Gerard; and the half acre of
meadow lies in
Faldoles next the meadow of Hugh at the Church. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Walter
of Hildik, Matthew of Braham, of Foston; William Sampson, Thomas Broun, of Binington;
Roger of Laun of
Hagham. Seal gone. 375. 1317. Friday, 15 July (Translation of St Swithin, Edw. II.] Foston.
Grant and
confirmation by John Mauniel of Foston to John of Rouceby Jetc. as before), of a selion in the
territory of
Foston in the place called le Merch, lying between the land of the abbot of Savigny and that of
Richard Jordan.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Walter of Hildik, Matthew of Braham, of
Foston; William
Sampson, Thomas Broun, of Binington. Seal gone. 376. 1318-9, 18 March [Sunday after St
Gregory the Pope.
Foston. Grant and confirmation by John Maunayel of Seggebrok to John of Rouceby of Foston
Jetc. as before),
of half an acre of meadow in Foston, lying in Seleytheyng in Hougham. 
FOSTON Northeyng next the meadow of Walter of Hilledyk on W. hold of the chief lord, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Walter of Hildik, Matthew of Braham, of Foston; William Sampson, Thomas Broun,
of Binington;
Roger of Laun, of Hagham. Seal gone. 377. 1319, 25 July [St James the apostle.] Benygton.
Grant and
confirmation by Henry of Brandeston of Benygton to sir John his son, vicar of Benygton, of all
his land and
meadow which he had in the fields of Foston'. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty Witnesses:
Walter of
Hildik. Matthew of Braham, John of Rauceby, of Foston; Thomas Brown, William Sampson, of
Benygton. Seal
gone. 378. 1335. 8 Sept (Sunday, Nativity oj B.V.M. 10 Edw. III.) Foston. Grant and
confirmation (indented) by
John Maisand of Rouceby in Foston and Emma his wife to Oliver their son and to the lawful
heirs of his body, of
three selions of arable land, viz. one at Sletfores between the land of the abbot of Savigny and
that of
Matthew of Braham, another in the same furlong between the land of William of Russal and that
of Walter
upon the Hill, and the third upon Reddelandes next the land of Robert Jerrard and abutting at one
head
eastward upon the land of Hugh Burre. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Remainder to
(charter torn)
and the heirs of his [or her) body lawfully begotten. Witnesses: [Walter) of Hildik, William of
Rouceby, John
Maunyel, of Foston; William Sampson, Thomas at the Chamber, of Binigton. Seal gone. 379.
1336. 8 Sept. [as
before) Foston. Grant and conconfirmation (indented) by the same John and Emma to the same
Oliver and the
heirs of his body lawfully begotten, of all the land and meadow which they had of the gift and
See Nos. 336-
339, 345-349. 
252 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS feoffment of John Maunyel in the fields and
meadows of Foston, as
appears by charters of feoffment'. To hold of the chief lords, etc., rendering yearly to the said
John and Emma
during their whole life a mark of silver at Michaelmas. Warranty. Remainder, after decease of
Oliver without
such heirs, to Richard his brother and the lawful heirs of his body. Witnesses: Walter of Hildik,
William of
Rouceby, John Maunyel, of Foston; William Sampson, Thomas at the Chamber, William Broun,
of Binigton.
Piece of seal. Endorsed : ista carta constat Ricardo filio Johannis de Rauciby. 3794. Counterpart
of same (half
torn away and seal gone). Endorsed : ista carta constat Oliuero filio Johannis de Rauciby. 380.
1347-8. 13
March [Thursday ajter St Gregory, 22 Edw. III.] Benyngton. Grant and confirmation by John of
Braunston, vicar
of the church of Bendyngton, to Henry, son of Richard Motte of Stubton, his nephew, of all the
lands and
tenements which he had on the day of the making of these presents, whether by right of
inheritance after the
death of Henry his father or by title of purchase in the town of Foston', To hold of the chief lords,
etc.
Warranty. Witnesses : William Sampson, Thomas de la Chaumbre. William Broun, John of
Hildik, William atte
Pounte o Benyngton; Walter of Hildik, of Foston; William of Rouceby. Seal. 381. 1349, 11 May
[Monday after
Translation of St St Andrew, 23 Edw. III.] Foston. Grant and confirmation by Henry, son of
Richard Mot of
Stobton to Elias his brother of all the lands and tenements which he had of the gift of sir John of
Braunston,
late vicar of Long Benyngton, in the town and fields of Foston. To hold of the said Henry and his
heirs,
rendering to the said Henry for the whole of his life ten marks yearly by equal portions at
Michaelmas and
Easter. and doing, for him and his heirs, to the chief lords, etc. Warranty. See Nos. 374-376. *See
No. 377. 
FOSTON 253 Witnesses: Walter Hildik, William Rauceby, Hugh Mauniel, of Foston; William
Sampson, John
Hildik, of Benyngton. Seal. Part torn off but preserved. 382. 1359, 8 June [Sunday bejore St
Barnabas, 33 Edw.
III). Grant (indented) by William Rauceby of Foston, to Richard and Oliver his sons, of the
moiety of a messuage
lying in the town of Foston, between the tenement of William on the Hill and that of William
Cog. To hold to
the said Richard and Oliver for the whole of their life of the grantor and his heirs. Warranty.
Witnesses: Walter
Hildik of Foston, John Berford of Claypol, William Sampson of Benyngton. Seal gone. 383.
1352, 17 April
[Sunday before St George, 36 Edw. III.) Byngham. Release and quitclaim by Hugh Mawyel of
Foston to Hugh of
Rauceby of Foston, of all his right in a plot and six selions of land with meadows, etc. in the
town and fields of
Foston, which the same Hugh of Rauceby holds of the grant of the said Hugh Mawyel and Emma
his wife.
Witnesses: Richard of Thurleby. William Mawyel, Richard son of William of Rauceby, of
Foston. Seal gone. 384.
1365, 2 Nov. [Sunday after All Saints, 39 Edw. III.) Foston. Grant and confirmation by Hugh
Bozon of Skreueton'
to Richard of Rauceby of Foston and Oliver his brother. of a messuage lying between the
tenement of Richard
of Rauceby and that of Robert Heruy, and abutting upon the king's way, and of two bovates of
land with
meadows, etc., in the town and fields of Foston. To hold of the chief lords. etc. Warranty.
Remainder, if the
said Richard or Oliver decease without lawful heirs of their body or without alienation of the
premises, to Hugh
of Rauceby, their brother, his heirs and assigns. Screveton, Notts. 
 254 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: Richard Torald. Richard Rauceby,
William Mawyel, of
Foston; George Samson, William Samson, of Benyngton. Seal. 385. 1378, 27 Sept. [Monday
before Michaelmas,
2 Rich. II.) Foston. Grant and confirmation by William Rauseby of Foston to Margaret and Alice
his daughters
and the lawful heirs of their bodies, of a bovate of arable land in the fields of Foston. To hold of
the chief lords,
etc., rendering yearly 2s. at the feast of the Purification of St Mary. Remainder to the right heirs
of the said
William. Witnesses: Thomas Burre, John Alcok, William Baynbrygge, Thomas Yseke, Stephen
Warner, of Foston.
Seal gone. 386. 1397, 30 Sept. [Morrow of St Michael the Archangel, 21 Richard II)
Acknowledgment of bond
by John Wyttylay of Merston and Alice his wife to William Alayn of Foston in ê10, payable at
Christmas next.
The said John and Alice bind all their goods. Fragment of two seals. 387. 1397-8, 24 Jan.
[Thursday ajter St
Vincent, 21 Rich. II.) Foston. Grant and confirmation by Richard Somere of Foston to John his
son and Beatrice,
daughter of Thomas Berech of Benyngton, of a messuage in Foston between the tenement of
William Cogge
and that of Richard Moyel, and abutting upon the king's way, and of two bovates of land with all
meadows,
etc., as appears by charter of the lady Eleanor, sometime queen of England. To hold of the chief
lords, etc., to
the said John and Beatrice and the heirs of their bodies lawfully begotten, with remainder to the
right heirs of
the said Richard. Warranty. Witnesses: William Sampson, chaplain, George Broun. John of
Soutton, of
Benyngton; Richard Wareyner, Hugh of Rouseby, of Foston. Seal. 388. 1445 [23 Hen. VII, 31
May. Walcote. The
king's justices of the peace in co. Lincoln in the parts of Kesteuen. 
FOSTON 255 to Richard Bache, constable of Dadyngton', and to John Quaryour of Cathorp'.
William Somer of
Foston has made supplication to us, whereas he is threatened with his life and the mutilation of
his limbs by
John Valeccode [of) Kelme, husbondeman. Robert of Fereby of Dodyngton, husbondeman,
William Maste of
Westburgh, husbondeman, and John Maste of the same, serving man, We therefore on the part of
the king.
command you that the said John, Robert, William, and John, or one of them, be attached by their
bodies, so
that you shall have them before us at our next session in the parts aforesaid, to find sufficient
surety to keep
the peace towards the king's subjects, and chiefly towards the said William Somer, so that they
shall do, cause
or procure to be done him no damage or danger. And you shall guard them safely under the
danger which is
incumbent; and, if they shall refuse to do this, you shall cause them to be brought to the king's
prison at
Lincoln, to be kept safe in ward until they will do this. And you shall cause [certificate) to be
made to us how
this precept has been executed at the day abovesaid. Tested by William Walcote. 389. 1445-6 [24
Hen. VI.], 26
Jan. Foston. Grant and confirmation by William Somour of Foston, co. Lincoln, to John
Chappeleyn of
Benyngton, of the whole moiety of two bovates of land and meadow in the fields of Foston.
adjoining a
messuage in Foston called Hycke and Olivers place, the which messuage and two bovates
descended to the
said William by right of inheritance after the decease of his brother John Somour. To hold of the
said William
and his heirs, rendering yearly a red rose at the Nativity of St John Baptist. Warranty. Witnesses:
John Smyth,
son of Richard Smyth, George Smyth, Richard Wade, Thomas Pateman, of Benyngton; John
Warner of Foston.
Seal. 390. 1505 [20 Hen. VII), 16 Oct. Acknowledgment of bond by John Somer of London,
merchaunt
habirdassher, to Thomas Archer of Hougham, co. Linc., yoman, in ú60. payable at the feast of the
Purification
next. Dry Doddington. Caythorpe. Kelham, Notts. 
 256 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Condition (endorsed): estate to be made to the
said Thomas before
the above feast of all the lands and tenements of the said John in Foston in the parish of
Benyngton, with
delivery of evidences. Piece of seal. 391. 1505 [21 Hen. VII), 16 Dec. London. Grant and
confirmation by John
Somer, son and heir of William Somer, deceased, to Thomas Archer of Hougham, co. Lincoln,
gentilman, and
Joan his wife, Humfrey Ferrour, clerk, and Henry Archer, of all his lands, tenements, etc. in the
town and fields
of Foston in the parish of Long Benyngton, which descended to the said John by right of
inheritance after the
death of the said William Somer. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Power of attorney to
William Pacy
and Richard Milton to take possession and deliver seisin. Witnesses: Richard Pulney, Richard
Whipp, Henry
Holden, of the parish of St Sepulchre, London; George Langley, Antony lreby. Seal gone. 392.
1519 [10 Hen.
VIII), 31 August. Leycester. Release and quitclaim by Thomas Wigston, clerk, Roger Wigston.
esq., and William
Bolt, to sir William Fyshar and sir John Thorpe his confrater, chaplains, and the twelve poor men
of the hospital
of William Wigston the younger in Leycester. of all their right in those lands, etc., in the town
and fields of
Foston in the parish of Longbenyngton, co. Linc. To hold. etc. for ever. Three seals. Endorsed :
Relaxacio de
Foston. 393. 1519 [II Hen. VIII), 10 Nov. Indenture (English) of bargain and sale by Thomas
Archer of Hougham,
co. Linc., gentylman, to William Wigston of Leicetour the younger, merchant of the staple at
Calis, of all his
messuages, etc., in Foston in the parish of Longbenyngton, which were purchased by the said
Thomas of one
John Somer, and are now of the clear yearly value of ú3 9 s. Usual clauses. Estate to be made
before Pentecost
next. The said William engages to pay ú67 53. 6d., of which ú40 is paid on the present 
FOSTON 257 date, and the residue is to be paid upon delivery of the estate. Muniments to be
delivered before
the feast of All Saints next. If there is not sufficient security, the said Thomas undertakes to repay
the said sum
before the said feast of All Saints. Seal gone. 3934. Counterpart with seal, probably of Thomas
Archer. 394.
1519 [11 Hen. VIII), 10 Nov. Indenture of bargain and sale by Thomas Archer of Heugham, co.
Lincoln, to
William Wigston of Leicetour the younger, merchant of the staple at Calis, of all his meases,
lands, tenements,
etc., in Foston in the parish of Longbenyngton, which were late of one John Somer, and were
purchased of him
by the same Thomas. Estate to be made before Pentecost, and title deeds to be delivered before
the feast of
All Saints next. William Wigston undertakes to pay ú67 5s. 6d, of which ú40 is paid at the
making of these
presents, and the residue is to be paid immediately after the estate is made and the evidences
delivered. If
sure estate cannot be obtained before the said feast of All Saints, the said Thomas undertakes to
repay the
said sum of ú67 5s. 6d., or so much of it as he has by that time received, to the said William
within four weeks
after the said feast, and the said William shall grant him a release and return the title-deeds. Seal
gone. 3944.
Counterpart, with seal. 395. 1519 [II Hen. VIII), 23 Nov. Grant by Thomas Archer of Hougham,
co. Linc., to
William Wygston of Leycestre, the younger merchant of the staple of Calais. Thomas Wygston,
clerk, Roger
Wygston and William Bolte, of all those lands and tenements, etc. which he has in the town and
fields of
Foston in the parish of Long Benyngton. viz. all those which he acquired of late from John
Somer, son and heir
of William Somer. To hold of the chief lords, etc. to the use of the said William Wygston.
Appointment of
Robert Clerke of Croxston and William Smyth of Foston as attorneys to deliver seisin. Seal. 
258 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 396. 1519 [II Hen. VIII), 20 Dec. Letters of
attorney of William
Wigston of Leycestre the younger, merchant Letc.]. Thomas Wigston, clerk, Roger Wigston and
William Bolt,
empowering sir John Thorpe, chaplain, and Richard Feny to enter in their stead and name all
those lands and
tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Foston in the parish of Benington, co. Lincoln, which
Thomas Archer
of Hougham, co. Lincoln, lately purchased of John Somer, son and heir of William Somer, and
receive seisin on
their behalf, Four seals. 397. 1519-20 [1I Hen. VIII), 22 February. Bond by John Somer of
London, haberdasher,
to William Wigston, clerk Roger Wigston and William Fyssher, clerk, in ú60, payable at Easter.
The condicion of
this obligacyon ys such that if the aboue bounden John Somer in his own person befor the Feast
of Easter next
commyng make a sure and sufficient surrendre in the lawe in the Courte of Benyngton befor the
Stewarde
there vnto the abouenamed William Wigston Thomas Roger and William Fyssher of all those
lands tenements
Rents reuercions & seruices with their appurtenaunces sett lying and being in the Town and
Feeldys of Foston
in the parisshe of long benyngton in the Countie of lincoln, the which the seyde John Somere of
late solde vnto
Thomas Archer o Hougham in the seyde Countie of lincoln yoman and also yf the seyde John
Somere befor the
seyde Feaste of Easter delyuer or cause to be delyuered vnto the forseyde William Wigston
Thomas Roger &
William Fyssher or to any of theym their executours or assignez all such dedes evidences and
muniments as
the seyde John Somere or any other to his vse hath concernyng the seyde lands & tenements or
any parcell of
the same, that then this present obligacyon to be voyde & hadd for nought, or ells to stande in full
strength
and vertue. by me Jhon Somer. Seal. 398. 1520 [11 Hen. VIII), 4 April. Newark. Letters of
attorney of John
Somer, citizen and habyrdasher of London. son and heir of William Somer, late of Foston in the
parish of
Longbynnyngton, co. Lincoln, empowering William 
FOSTON 259 Robert of Bynnyngton, Thomas Robert the elder, Thomas Breton, William Pacy
and Michael
Gylbert of the same, to receive jointly and severally in the place and name of the said John, to the
need and
use of William Wygeston of the town of Leicester, merchant of the staple of Calais, before the
steward in the
next and full court to be held there, possession and seisin of all his messuages, lands and
tenements, etc. in the
towns and fields of Foston and Bynnyngton. Simple queue : seal gone. 399. 1520 [11 Henry
VIII). 12 April.
Leycester. Letters of attorney of John Somers Letc. as before), empowering William Roberts of
Benyngton,
Thomas Roberts the elder, and the other as before) to make recognition for him and in his name,
and to
release in any court and before any judges, and especially before the steward of Benington in full
court there,
all his right, etc. in all lands and tenements, etc. in the towns and fields of Foston and
Longbenyngton, to be
the right of William Wigston the younger of Leycestre, merchant of the staple of the town of
Calais. Per me
Jhon Somir. Seal gone. 400. 1520 [12 Hen. VIII), month after Easter. Final concord made in the
king's court at
Westminster, before Robert Brudenell, Richard Elyot, Lewis Pollard, and Richard Croke,
justices, between
William Wygston, jun., merchant of the staple of Calais, Thomas Wygston, clerk, Roger
Wygston and William
Fyssher, clerk, plaintiffs, and John Somer, son and heir of William Somer, late of Foston,
deforciant, concerning
two messuages, 200 acres of land, 50 acres of meadow, 100 acres of pasture, and six acres of
wood in Foston
in the parish of Longebenyngton. The said John recognises the premises to be the right of the said
William. as
those which the said William and the others have of his gift, with quitclaim and warranty. The
said William and
the others give to the said John 100 marks of silver. Endorsed: Lincoln : Inter Willm Wygston
Jun. 4004.
Counterpart of the same. Endorsed : Deliberatur per proclam. secundum formam Statuti. 
 260 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 401. 1527 [19 Hen. VIII), 31 August. Leicester.
Release and quitclaim
by Thomas Wigston, clerk, Roger Wigston. esq., and William Bolt, to sir William Fyschar and
sir John Thorpe his
confrater, chaplains, and to the twelve poor men of the hospital of William Wigston, jun., in
Leycester, of all
their right in all those lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Foston in the parish of
Longbenyngton.
Per me Willm Bolte. Three seals. Endorsed : Relaxacio de Foston. IX.
ILLSTON-ON-THE-HILL. 402. N.d. Grant and
confirmation by William, son of Hugh Prest of lluiston, to Thomas of lluiston, chaplain, of
pasture for an ox in
the fields of lluiston, and the breadth of a rood of meadow in Sylmesilsike next the meadow
some time of John
le Roberay, and the breadth of a rood of meadow in Morewelle syke next the meadow sometime
of William
son of Robert, for five shillings given in hand. To hold of the said William and his heirs to the
said Thomas and
his heirs or assigns, or to whomsoever or whensoever he will give, sell, bequeath or assign it,
freely, quietly,
well, in heritage and in peace, rendering therefor yearly to the said William and his heirs a silver
farthing at
Easter for all secular services, exactions, suits of courts and demands. Warranty. Witnesses:
William son of
Mary, William son of Roger, Hugh son of Hugh at the church, Hugh son of lves, Robert son of
William, Osbert
Aleyn, William Trowe. Seal gone. Endorsed : sine dat. 403. N.d. Grant and confirmation by
Robert son of Roger
of Belegraue to Robert the smith of llueston, of that toft with its buildings in the town of llueston,
between the
toft sometime of William son of Adam and that sometime of Robert son of Sarra, which the said
grantor
bought of John son of Avice of Leycester, with three roods of land in the fields of llueston,
whereof one rood
lies upon Hardyl between the land sometime of lves Bunt and that sometime of John of Neuton,
and one rood
lies upon Robalke with the meadow 
ILLSTON-ON-THE-HILL 261 between the land of the said lves and of the said John, and one
rood lies upon
Smalelonglond with the meadow between the land of the said lves and that of the said John, for
31 silver
marks given in hand. To hold of the said Robert and his heirs, etc., rendering yearly 18d. silver at
three terms,
viz. 6d. at the Purification, 6d. at Pentecost. and 6d. at Michaelmas, for all secular service,
exaction, and for suit
of the hundred of Gertre' and of any court whatsoever, and demand. Warranty. Witnesses:
William son of
Mary, John son of William the carpenter. William son of Roger. Richard the carpenter, Lawrence
of Galby,
William son of Robert, Henry son of Roger. Fragment of seal. Endorsed : sine datt. 404. N.d.*
Grant and
confirmation by William, son of Richard of lluiston, to John, Hugh. Richard, Ranulph and Alice
his children, of a
plot of his toft in the town of lluiston next the new lane, containing in length next the lane 80ft.
and in length
in the other part 65ft., and in breadth in the under part 42ft., and in the upper part 44ft. To hold of
the chief
lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Kuttore', Robert of Mardefild, William Coffin. Richard
the carpenter,
William son of Robert Aleyn. Seal gone. Endorsed : sine dat. 405. 1329, 23 November [St
Clement, 3 Edw. III.)
lluiston. Grant and confirmation by Emma, daughter of John, son of Robert of lluiston, to John,
son of Robert of
lluiston, her father, of a plot with the buildings in the town of lluiston, between the toft sometime
of William
son of Ralph, and that sometime of William son of Hugh, containing in length from a certain
willow to the
king's way northward 210ft., and in breadth next the king s way 100ft. and in the middle of the
plot in breadth
86ft., and in breadth in the upper part next the said willow 46ft. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Cartree. *After 1290. *.c. Taylor (Cissor). 
 262 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: John Bunt, William son of Peter,
Robert son of Robert, of
lluiston. Seal gone. 406. 1342-3, 21 February [Thursday before St Peter's Chair, 17 Edw. III.]
lluestone. Grant
and confirmation by Edmund, son of Richard Gruhefd (sic) of Belgraue, to John, son of Robert
of lluestone, of
18d. yearly rent in lluestone, which the said Edmund received of William le Smyt, his heirs and
assigns, for a
messuage and three roods of land in the town and fields of lluestone, the which rent the said
Edmund wills and
grants that the said John and his heirs or assigne shall receive of the heirs of the said William or
their assigns at
three terms of the year, to wit, at Pentecost 6d., at Michaelmas 6d., and at the Purification 6d.,
with wards,
reliefs and all escheats'. Warranty. Witnesses: Henry Penne, John Curly, John at the Church,
Robert le Cornour,
Robert of Mardefeld, clerk, of lluestone. Endorsed : Willelmi Smyztis placea. Seal gone. 407.
1344, 24 June
[Thursday, St John Baptist, 18 Edw. III.) Iluiston. Grant and confirmation by Ralph Aleyn of
lluiston to William le
Taylour of lluiston and Alice his wife, of an acre of land in the fields of lluiston, to wit, half an
acre lying upon
Wrongelond next the land of Richard le Cornour, a rood and a half lying upon Steyirbanlont next
the land of
Robert le Cornour, and half a rood with meadow lying upon Calewelletunga next the land of the
said Robert.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : John son of Robert of lluiston; Henry
Penne. John at the
Church, Richard le Maresch', Robert the clerk, of lluiston. Seal gone. Endorsed : Ist cart Tayllar.
408. 1351. 24
May [Tuesday bejore the Ascension, 25 Edw. III.) Ilueston. Grant and confirmation by Thomas
Caue See No.
403. 
ILLSTON-ON-THE-HILL of Carlton Curly to Richard Marchal of llueston, of five acres of land
with half an acre of
meadow in the town and fields sof llueston). To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses:
Thomas of
Wylugby, Hugh .. sdon. William of Draucton, Richard le Ward. Seal gone. Endorsed : Thomas
Caue 409. 1352-3,
5 Jan. [Sat. eve oj the Epiphany, 26 Edw. III.) lluiston. Grant and confirmation by Thomas
Bentleye of lluiston to
Ralph Mareschal of lluiston, of an acre and a rood and a half of arable land, whereof one acre and
half a rood
lie in a croft called Pittiscrofte between the king's way and the land sometime of William
Tailhour, and a rood
lies upon Oldebolde at the head next the land of the said Ralph, for a sum of money paid in hand.
To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas of Slahston, Richard Warde, John Bate, John
son of Peter,
John Ode. Seal gone. Endorsed : Ist cart Thome 410. 1358-9. 17 Feb. [Sunday after St Valentine,
33 Edw. III.]
Iluiston. Grant and confirmation by John Nuby of lluiston to Richard Marchal of the same, of an
acre of arable
land in the fields of lluiston with holms of meadow, viz. a rood upon Threhaysfirlinges next the
land of John
Nuby, and a rood and a half with the holm next the land of the said John, and half a rood with the
holm upon
Lyttelyolwell next the land of the said John, a rood between the gates next the land of the said
John. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Thomas of Sclauston, Richard Ward, William ef
Foxton, Robert of
Dalby, Robert Nicol, of lluiston. Seal gone. Endorsed [two hands) : Johannes de Newby Ric'
Marschall. 411.
1360, 4 July [Thursday, Translation of St Martin, 34 Edw. III.) Ilueston. Grant and confirmation
by John, son of 
 264 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS William Tailhour of llueston, to John
Mareschall of llueston, of a
rood of land lying under le Bere next the land of Robert Nicolle, for a sum of money paid in
hand. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Ralph Warde, John Bate, Ralph Mareschl', Robert of
Dalby. Seal gone.
Endorsed : Ist cart' Willelmus Tayllour Joh. Marescl'. 412. 1361, 1 August [Sunday, St Peter's
Chains, 35 Edw.
III.) Ilueston. Grant and confirmation by Maud, relict of Robert Martschal, to John Marschalle of
llueston of two
thirds of a certain plot which the said Maud had by right of inheritance of Robert of Stossun her
father, lying
between the .and part of the same plot of tenement of Robert W Robert of Dalbi, and one part
lies between
the part of the said Robert and the plot of William Pegle. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses:
Thomas of Slauston. Ralph Marschalle, John of Billthorp, John Ode, John Bate, Ralph Felippe.
Seal gone. 413.
1461, 26 Dec. [Sunday, St Stephen's day, 35 Edw. III.) Ilueston. Grant and confirmation by
Thomas of Slauston
in llueston and Robert, son of William of Dalby of the same, to Gryffin Taylur, dwelling in
llueston, of a plot in
llueston, lying between the plot of Robert of Dalby on W. and that of John, son of John
Goldenhed, on E. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Bate, John Marchal, Richard Phylyp.
Richard of
Billesdon, John son of Peter, of llueston. Two seals (fragmentary). Endorsed : Ist cart' Thomas
Sclauston. 414.
1361-2, 1 Jan. [Saturday, Circumcision, 35 Edward III.) Hlueston. Grant and confirmation by
Robert, son of
William of Dalby of llueston, to John Marchal of llueston, of the third part of a plot which the
said John has and
holds in llueston, lying among the purparties of the plot of the same John. To hold of the chief
lords, etc.
Warranty. 
ILLSTON-ON-THE-HILL 265 Witnesses: Thomas of Slauston, John Bate, John Ode. Thomas
Wresteler, Richard
Ode, of llueston. Fragment of seal. 415. 1363-4, 11 Feb. [Sunday after St Agatha, 38 Edw. III.)
lluiston. Grant
and confirmation by John, son of Peter of Hluiston, to John Marchal of the same, of half a rood
in the field of
lluiston, lying upon Myddilyl next the land of Robert of Dalby. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Thomas of Slauston, John Ode, John Bate. of lluiston; Robert of Dalby; John of
Tilton. Seal gone.
Endorsed : Johannes Noueray. 416. 1363-4, 21 Feb. [Wednesday bejore St Peter's Chair, 38
Edw. III.] lluiston.
Grant and confirmation by William of Houthort, chaplain, to John Marchal of lluiston, of five
acres of land and
the moiety of half a rood in the fields of lluiston, and pasture for one ox in the said fields, viz.
half an acre upon
Weyrldyc, next the land of Alice of Galby; a rood upon Watyrforouys, next the land of Richard
of Billisdon; half
a rood upon Holdholt, next the land of John Beroge; half a rood en le Mersecroft, with the
meadow, next the
land of Nicholas Koffyn; half an acre upon Forwordheyl. next the land of John Burgeys; a rood
under le Byry,
with the meadow, next the land of John son of Peter; half a rood upon le Scortebrod, with the
meadow, next
the land of Richard of Billisdon; half a rood upon Yomannyshofstede, next the land of William
Gylle; a rood
attestonyscyrche, with the meadow, next the land of Nicholas Choffyn; a rood betuynzegatis,
next the land of
John son of Peter; a rood upon Gorebroyd, next the land of Richard Phylip; half a rood upon
Bygtoryn, next the
land of William of Billisdon; half an acre upon Bygthoryn, with the meadow, next the land of
John of Tylton;
half a rood upon Albypoyl, next the land of William Gille; half a rood into Capoltonmere, next
the land of John
of Tilton; half a rood in Mothoryn, next the land of Adam Herfrey; a rood upon Foxwellys, with
the meadow,
next the land of Richard of Billisdon; a rood upon Lamputis, next the land of William Feyllep;
half an acre upon
Holdedam, with the meadow, next the land of William Alybone; 
266 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS half a rood under Stonymyddilyl, with the
meadow, next the land of
John Dorcetur; a rood upon Barlilondys, with the meadow, next the land of William Gille. To
hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas of Slauston; John son of Peter of lluiston, John at the
Church, Richard
Filip, Robert of Dalby, John of Tilton, Thomas Beuerege, Robert Aleyn. Seal. 417. 1365, 25
March [Tuesday,
Annunciation B.V.M., 39 Edw. III.) lluiston. Grant and confirmation by William Negle of
lluiston to John Marchal
of the same, of a messuage in the town of lluiston, situate between (sic) the messuage of the said
John on one
side, and next the high way called Nulane on the other. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses:
John Nubi, John Ode, Thomas Slauston. John Bate, Robert Dalbi, John son of Peter, Richard
Fylip. Seal.
Endorsed: Willelmus Negyl. 418. 1374, 15 Oct. [Sunday after St Denis, 48 Edw. III.) llueston.
Grant and
confirmation by John son of Peter of llueston to Maye Marchal of the same, of half an acre of
arable land with
the holm in the fields of llueston, the which half acre lies upon Wynydale next the land of John
Nuby. To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Slauston, John Bate, John Dorset. Robert
Dalby. Seal gone.
Endorsed : Johannes Noueray. In later hand : Ist. cart. Maye Marschall. 419. 1378-9, 16 March
[Wed. after St
Gregory the pope 2 Rich. II.] Ilueston. Grant by Richard Philip of llueston to Joan the wife of
Thomas Slauston
of the same, of a rood of meadow in Symmeshusock, next the meadow of Nicholas Coffyn, and
of half a rood
of arable land under Foxwalles. next the land of the said Nicholas, and of a rood of meadow in
Robalcsyke,
next the meadow of the same Nicholas. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. 
ILLSTON-ON-THE-HILL 267 Witnesses: John Marchall, John Bate, William Mytton, of
llueston. Seal gone. 420.
1385, 9 Sept. [Sat. after Nativity of B.V.M., 9 Rich. II.] Ilueston. Grant and confirmation by John
Noueray' of
llueston to John Marchall of llueston and Amy his wife, of six acres 3´ roods of land, and the
moiety of a
virgate of pasture, which the said grantor lately had of the gift and feoffment of John Turnour,
and the moiety
of a rood of land lying upon Bikethorn, next the land of the said John Noueray. To hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: John Ode of llueston, William of Bilsdon. William Beueregge, Robert
Aleyn, John Page.
Seal. Endorsed : Ist cart. Johanni Noueray. 421. Same date. Quitclaim by the same John Noueray
to John
Marchall of llueston, of all his right in 7d. rent issuing from an acre of land lying upon
Wronglond in the fields
of llueston, the which acre the same John Marchall holds. Warranty. Witnesses as above. Seal.
Endorsed :
Redditus septem den. Johannis Noueray. 422. 1385, 30 Sept. [Sat. after St Michael, 9 Rich. II.)
Hlueston.
Indenture whereby John Noueray of llueston undertakes, for himself, his heirs and executors, to
find at his
own cost victuals and raiment for Thomas of Slauston of llueston, Joan his wife and Maud their
daughter, for
the term of their lives in survivorship, and all other necessaries reasonably appertaining to the
same grantees,
according to the requirements of their estate. If it happen, which God forbid, that any discord
should arise
between the contracting parties, so that they can come to no concord, the said John Noueray
agrees that the
said Thomas and Joan in lieu of the premises shall have and receive 30s. a year from 1John
Noveray appeara to
be the same person as John son of Peter. See endorsements of Nos. 415, 418. 
 268 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS all the lands and tenements of the same John
Noueray in llueston at
Easter and Michaelmas by equal portions. In case of arrears at any term in part or in whole, the
said Thomas
and Joan shall have liberty to distrain. And they grant that, after the death of one, in this case, the
survivor
shall receive only 15s. for his life yearly at the feasts aforesaid. And the said John Noueray grants
that the said
Thomas and Joan shall have his dwelling-house, with free entry and exit, as had in the house
wherein they now
dwell, for their whole life, without any sort of gainsaying. Witnesses: Richard of Foxton, parson
of the church of
Carlton Curly; John Marchall, William of Billesdon, William Beueregge, John Page. Seal gone.
423. 1387-8, 2
Feb. [Purification of B.V.M., 1I Rich. II.) llueston. Grant and confirmation by John Noueray of
llueston to John
Marchal of llueston, of six acres of arable land with meadows, grazings and pastures, and two
pastures for two
great beasta in the fields of llueston, viz. a rood in the field towards Roleston into Howgate, next
the land of
John Noueray; a rood, in the same stadium, next the land of John Marchal on both sides; half an
acre upon
Langlond in the same field, next the land of the same John Marchal; a rood upon Smalelanglond,
next the land
of John Lamberd; a rood and a half upon Kalwel, next the land of the same John Lamberd; half a
rood upon
Greyston, next the land of the same John Lamberd; half a rood upon Anlongbrodmerch. next the
land of John
Ode; half a rood and a quarter of a rood in a selion upon Hawerkil, next the land of John
Lamberd; a rood upon
Blacmydlond, next the land of John Noueray; half an acre upon Wynnydale, next the land of the
same John
Noueray; a rood upon Wynnydale, next the land of the same John; a rood and a half in a selion
upon
Aschforlong, next the land of the same John; half a rood upon Mydylhyl, next the land of John
Marchal; a rood
upon Fulwelhyl, next the land of John Noueray; a rood into Fulwelseke, abutting into
Karltongate, next the land
of the same John Noueray; half an acre upon Forwardhyl; half a rood upon Zomanneshorsted,
next the land of
the same John; half an acre upon Wetelond, next the land of the same John Noueray; half an acre
upon
Forwordhyl, next the land of the 
ILLSTON-ON-THE-HILL 10 same John Noueray; a rood and a half in a selion upon Stedfoldys,
next the land of
Rothwel; a rood 'vnderwytkot, next the land of the same John Noueray; a rood upon Symshyl,
next the land of
John Noueray. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Rothwel of llueston, Thomas
Ode of the
same, John Burgeys, John Page, John Billysdon. Fragment of seal. Endorsed : Johannes Noueray.
424. 1389-90,
6 Jan. [Thursday, Epiphany, 13 Rich. II.) llueston. Grant and confirmation by Cristian, who was
the wife of
Thomas Smyth of llueston, to John Ode of Carleton Curly, of all her estate in the moiety of a
messuage in the
town of llueston, which she has for her whole life of the gift of the said Thomas sometime her
husband. To
hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Noueray, John Bilsdon, Robert Aleyn. Seal
gone. 425.
1390, 29 Dec. [St Thomas the Apostle (sic) next after Christmas, 14 Rich. II.) Ilueston. Grant and
confirmation
by John Noueray of llueston to John Marchal of llueston, of ten roods of arable land in the field
of llueston in
the place called Secroftys beneath the town on W., lying between the land of Amice of Newby
and that of the
said John Noueray, viz. on N. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William
Berege of llueston,
Robert of Rothwelle, John Page, William Negyl, Thomas Ode, John of Billesdon. Fragment of
seal. Endorsed :
Croft; Ist cart' Johannis Nouerey. 426. 1392-3, 23 Feb. [Sunday bejore St Matthias, 16 Rich. II.]
Iluyston. Grant
and confirmation by John, son of Thomas Wrastelar the younger, to John Marchel of llueston, of
a messuage in
the town of lluiston, situate between the tenement of John Noueray and that of John Hode of
Carlton. To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Clause embodying quitclaim. Warranty. lAn evident error for St Thomas
the Martyr.


CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: John Noueray, William Byllesdon, John Page. Robert Negyl, William Negyl. Endorsed : Ista cart Thomas Wrastelar. 427. 1393. 1 June [Trinity, 16 Rich. II.) lluiston. Crant and confirmation by Robert Aleyn of lluiston to John Marche of lluiston and William Billysdon of the same, of all his lands and tenements in the town and fields of lluiston. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Nouerray, William Negylle, Robert Negylle, William Beuerech. Seal (fragmentary). Endorsed: lst Joh. Merschall. 428. 1402. 28 March [Tuesday in the octaves oj Easter, 3 Hen. IV.) llueston. Grant and confirmation by John Ode to John Marchal of llueston, of half an acre of land in llueston lying upon the tillage called Nethere Bygthorne, next the land of Thomas Nouerey on one side and that of John Lawes on the other, and of half a rood of land lying upon Anlong Brodmerfeld, next the land of the said John Marchal on one side and that sometime of Hugh Thaylour, with the head landa. To hold of the chief lorda, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John atte Kyrke of llueston, William Berege, Thomas Berege. John Wreyth. John Burgeys. Seal gone. Endorsed : Ist cart. Johannis Merschal. 429. 1402. 4 April [Tuesday after the octaves of Easter, 3 Hen. IV.) llueston. Grant and confirmation by John Cymmes and Anne his wife to John Marchal of llueston, of half an acre of land in the fields of llueston, upon the tillage called Yolwell, between the land of John Lawes and thasometime of Richard Aleyn. To hold of the chief lorda, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Noueray, John Page, John of Byllesdon the younger. Thomas Hode, Roger Fyscher, of llueston. Seal gone. Endorsed : Ist cart. Johannis Cimus Johanni Marschall. 

ILLSTON-ON-THE-HILL 430. 1402, 6 August [Sunday after St Peter's Chains, 3 Hen. IV.] llueston. Grant and confirmation by John Belleman of Wellam to John Marchel of llueston, of sive roods of arable land. viz. three roods lying together upon the tillage called Stedfoldes between the land of Thomas Noueray on W. and that of Emma of Tylton on E., and half an acre upon Waterforues between the land of Thomas Noueray and that of John Page. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Noueray, John at Kyrke, John Page John Lamberd, John Berege, of llueston. Seal gone. Endorsed : Ista cart Johannis Belman Johanni Merschall. 431. 1410 [12 Hen. IV.). 20 Oct. Ilston. Indenture (French) between John Marchall of liston and lsabel his wife of the one party, and Nicholl Blonham, son of the said laabe on the other, to the effect that they are agreed that the saic John shall enfeoff by deed Nicholl of Caldecote. John Palmer of Norton and John Loughwek of Carleton Corleue in all those landes and tenements in liston, except a toft lying between the tenement of William Beuer and that of John Page. and a croft called Kittuscrofte. and three acres of land in the same town, to them and their heirs for ever, on condition that they shall re-enfeoff the said John. Isabel and Nicholl Blonham. to them and to the heirs of the said Nicholl for ever; for the which the said Nicholl shall give to the said John Marchall ten marks of English money on the day that the said Nichol shall be married or within the year after. And the said Nicholl shall dwell with the said John and lsabel for the term of their lives and shall do and maintain their husbandry. And the said John Marchall wills and grants by these presents that all his goods and chattels whatsoever, except his berbis and his forge, with all his instruments to the said forge appertaining. shall be common to the said Nicholl as well as to him and his wife, so that none of them shall have property without the other so long as any of them is alive, until he who shall die first shall dispose of the part which belongs to him at his will; provided always that the said John and lsabel shall have the governance of their household as long as it shall please them during their lives. Seals gone. 

272 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Endorsed: Ista carta Johanni Merschal Nycolaus
Blonham. 432. 1443.
13 Sept. [Friday after Nativity of B.V.M., 22 Hen. VI.) Ilveston. Grant and confirmation
(indented) by Nicholas
Blonam, otherwise called Nicholas Marchel of Foxton, to John Blonam, otherwise called John
Marchel of
Ilveston, his son, and Alice his wife, of all the lands, tenements, etc., of the said Nicholas in the
town and fields
of Ilveston. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the said John and Alice and the heirs of their
bodies between
them lawfully begotten, rendering to the said Nicholas and his assigns during his lifetime ten
shillings, payable
at the Purification and Si Peter's Chains by equal portions, with right of distraint for arrears.
Reversion and
remainder to the said Nicholas and his heirs. Warranty. Witnesses: William Page, John Gest,
John Dovne
William Tomelyn, John Brewster, of llveston. Seal. Endorsed: Ist. carta Nycolai Blounam. X.
KIMCOTE AND
WALTON. 433. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Alice, daughter of Hugh of Kynemund" the
chaplain, to Robert
Largus of the same, for his service, and for 20s. of silver given by him in ready money, of 34
roods of land in the
fields of Walton, viz. half an acre upon Longeholm with the headland (capucio). and half a rood
at
Cristemerehul with the headland, and a rood upon Wrongelondes extending into
Northerneheywenge the
fourth to wit from the headland (forera) of Henry the clerk. To hold of her, her heirs and assigns,
rendering
therefor annually a rose-flower at the Nativity of St John Baptist for all services, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses:
Robert Kyng of Kynemundecot, William son of Miles. Henry of Suckeboru', Roger of
Ocsundon', Richard Francis.
Seal. Kimcote. *Shuckburgh, co. Warw. *Oxendon, co. Northante. 
KIMCOTE AND WALTON 273 434. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Alice, daughter of Hugh
the chaplain of
Kynemundec', to Robert Largus of the same town, for his service, of half an acre of land upon
Longeholm with
the headland. To hold of the said Alice, her heirs and assigns, rendering therefor a rose flower at
the Nativity of
St John Baptist for all services, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William son of Miles of Walton; Roger
of Ocsundon,
Richard Freman, Henry of Suckeboru, Thomas of Esseby, Ralph son of Reginald, Thomas of
Seuesby', Matthew
the clerk. Ralph the clerk, Robert Kyng of Kynemundecot. William Longus, Adam son of
Nicholas, Adam son of
Matthew. Seal gone. 435. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Hugh the chaplain of Kynemundecot to
Robert
Largus of Kynemundecot, of half an acre upon Longeholm with the headland'. To hold as the
charter purports
which the said Robert had of the gift of Alice, daughter of the said Hugh. Witnesses: William son
of Miles,
Roger of Ocsundon, Richard Freman, Henry of Suckeboru, Thomas of Esseby, Ralph son of
Reginald, Thomas of
Seuesby, Matthew the clerk. Ralph the clerk, Robert Kyng. William Largus. Fragment of seal.
436. N.d. Grant
and confirmation by Helias Alagrene of Kinmundecote, with the consent and assent of Alice his
wife and of his
heirs, to Yves the carpenter of Walton, of three roods of land in the fields of Walton and
Kynmundecote, viz. a
rood upon Scorteestoft, lying between the land of Richard Jerveyse and that of Robert de
Labruer; another
rood, lying between the land of William le Neyir of Kymundecote and that of Richard Jerveyse
upon le
Middilherwynhoue; and the third rood lying upon Stangrount, with a headland, between the land
of Richard
Jerveyse and that of William le Neyir. To hold of the said Helias and his heirs, rendering therefor
yearly a
halfpenny at Easter for all services, etc. And for this gift and grant the said Yves has given to the
said Helias 9s.
7d. in hand. Warranty. Shearsby. *See No. 434. 
 274 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses : Adam son of Nicholas, Robert
Largus, Robert le Kyng, of
Kymmudecote, Richard Franchus, Henry Scokeborue, of Walton; Roger of Oxindone, William
the knight,
Richard the chaplain. Seal gone. 437. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Adam son of Nicholas of
Kynemondecote
to Henry Gamil of Walton, of four acres of arable land in the fields of Walton and
Kynemondecote, lying in all
places next the lands of the parson of Kynemondecote, viz. half an acre upon Wonelond; half an
acre under
Henningho with the headland (chevit); a rood at Bodlismerebuttis with the headland; a rood upon
Smaldole;
half an acre stretching to the boundary of Pulteneye; half an acre upon Herhul with the headland;
half an acre
upon Telberdemeyse; half an acre upon Leueringdelesue: and half an acre next le Hereweie. To
hold freely,
etc., rendering therefor yearly to the said Adam and his heirs a silver penny at the feast of St
Clement for all
things, customs, recognisances, suits of courts, escheats, wards, reliefs, services foreign and
intrinsic, and
secular demands. And for this gift, grant and confirmation the said Henry has given five marks of
silver in hand
to the said Adam. Warranty. Witnesses: Ralph of Walton, clerk; Richard of Wauere', Robert of
Oxendon,
William Largus, William Frankeleyn, Helias le Kyng. Philip of Redesdale, clerk. Seal. 438. N.d.
Grant and
confirmation by Adam son of Nicholas of Kynemundecot, clerk, to Henry Gamel of Walton and
Agnes his wife,
of two selions extending to the ash-tree (ad fraxinam) between Walton and Kynemundecot, lying
between the
land of the rector of the church of Kynemundecot and that of Adam son of Matthew; half a rood
at the head of
the said rector s croft with the headland, between the land of Ralph Aybriht and that of Adam of
Wranteston;
a rood upon Longeholm with the headland, between the land of the said Ralph and that of Adam
son of
Matthew. The which lands Richard the chaplain, son of Walter Gregori, remitted and quitclaimed
to the said
Adam by charter. And 54 roods Churchover, co. Warw. 
KIMCOTE AND WALTON 275 of land lying in all places in the fields of Walton next the land
of the said rector,
viz. half an acre upon Thorplowe; half an acre upon Middelmor extending into Thoreweye; a
rood upon
Schertestoft; half a rood upon Flaxlondes. And two acres in the fields of Walton, viz. half an acre
upon
Spichewellecrosforlong above the way, next the land of Robert of Karelton; a rood upon
Longebanlondes
extending into Elrestobslade, with the headland, next the land of Henry of Suckebor'; a rood
extending beyond
Steremwortheweye, next the land of Robert of Karelton; a rood upon Wrongelondes, next the
land of Robert
of Bruar'; a rood above Folewelle, next the land of Robert of Karelton; a rood extending beyond
Kyrkeweye,
next the land of Robert of Karelton; and a rood at Wodeweye with the headland, next the land of
Robert of
Stretton. To hold, etc., rendering therefor yearly to the said grantor, his heirs and assigns, a silver
penny at
Easter for all services, etc. Warranty. And for this grant, etc., the said Henry has given to the said
grantor five
silver marks in hand. Witnesses: Ralph of Walton, clerk. Richard of Wauere, Robert of Oxendon,
William
Francus, Henry of Suokkeboru, William Reynald, John of Leyre, William Largus of
Kynemundecot, Ely le Kyng.
One seal : the other gone. 439. N.d. Grant and confirmation, with quitclaim, by Robert Gerard,
clerk, of
Walton, to Henry Gamil, of Walton, of two acres of land in the fields of Walton, viz. half an acre
above
Spichewelle cros, next the land of Robert of Karlton; a rood upon Longebanelondes extending
enherlstobslade,
with meadow, next the land of Henry of Schokeberu; a rood extending beyond Stermwzeveye
(sic), next the
land of Robert of Karlton; a rood upon Wrongelondes, next the land of Robert Brueren"; a rood
above
Folewelle, next the land of Robert of Karrelton; a rood extending beyond Kirkeweye, next the
land of Robert of
Karelton; and a rood at Levodeweye', with meadow, next the land of Robert of Stretton'. To hold
of Adam son
of Nicholas freely, etc., as in meadows, pastures, ways, paths and all other places and liberties to
the said land
appertaining, rendering therefor yearly to the said Adam a pair of white gloves at Easter, for all
secular services
Bruerensis, i.c. de la Bruer. 11.c. le wodeweye. "See No. 438. 
 276 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS and demands to the said grantor and his heirs,
or to the said Adam
his lord appertaining. And for this gift the said Henry has given to the said Robert 40s. in hand.
Witnesses:
Ralph the clerk, Richard of Wauere, William Franchus, William the knight, William Largus of
Kilmundecote,
Henry Alegrene, Richard the chaplain. Seal. 440. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Roger of
Chevzeby of Walton
to Henry Gamul of the same, of a rood of land outside the end of the town of Walton for his
service, abutting
into Littilslade between (sic) the land of Geoffrey Brun. To hold of the said Roger and his heirs
freely, etc.,
rendering therefor yearly a farthing at Pentecost for all secular services and demands, save the
foreign service
of the king, as much as pertains to so much land. Warranty. Witnesses: Ralph the clerk, Richard
of Wauer,
William Fraunkeleyn, Robert Jaunuile, Gregory son of Adam, Robert of Hocsundun, Thomas of
Assceby. Seal.
Endorsed [15 cent.] : Rogerus de Scheuesby. 4404. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Henry, son of
Elyas al Grene
of Kynemundecot, to Henry Gamel of Walton, for two silver shillings paid in hand, of two roods
of land in the
fields of Walton, viz. one rood upon Stangrund between the land of William Coleman and that of
William le
Blake, and one rood in Schertestoft next the land of Walter Bille. To hold of the said grantor, his
heirs and
assigns, rendering therefore yearly a silver halfpenny at Easter for all secular services. Warranty.
Witnesses:
Richard of Wauere, Ralph the clerk, William Frankeleyen, Robert of Schanketon, Robert of
Oxendon, William
Reynold, William Largus. Seal. 441. N.d. Covenant, indented, between Lawrence, son of Robert
of
Brantynethorp', of the one part, and Richard Smert and Margery his wife, of the other, whereby
the said
Bruntingthorpe. 
KIMCOTE AND WALTON Lawrence granted to the said Richard and Margery, for the term of
their life in
survivorship, a rood of land with the headland (cheuesc') adjoining, which lies upon Stanground
in the fields of
Walton by Kilmimudecote (sic), between the land of Hugh Pidele and that of Roger Kyng; the
which the said
Lawrence had of the gift and feoffment of the said Richard and Margery. To hold, etc., for their
whole life in
survivorship, doing therefor to the said Lawrence, his heirs or assigna yearly a rose flower at the
feast of St
John Baptist for all secular service, with remainder to the said Lawrence, his heirs and assigns.
Witnesses:
William of Mousele, Thomas of Brantyng thorp. William of Leyra; Gregory Adam, Richard of
Oxend', Richard
Mile, of Walton. Seal gone. Endorsed in late hand : Lawrens Brantyngthorpe ro. terr'. 442. N.d.
Grant and
confirmation by Richard Smert of Walton and Margery his wife to Lawrence of Brantingesthorp
and Thomas,
son of Hugh Muche, and their heirs, of four acres and two roods of land with meadows, etc., in
Walton by
Kynemundecote, viz. half an acre of land lying at Twifweye, next the land of Richard of Tilton;
half an acre
under Hezhul, next the land of Richard of Wikingeston; half an acre into Brodeslade, next the
land of William
Colman; a rood in Langetas, next the land of Hugh le Clerk; a rood of land under Ganlouwa, next
the land of
William Colman; half an acre at Waterfurwes, next the land of Robert Oxindon; half an acre
upon
Twyseldeweye, next the land of Robert Jaunuill; a rood upon Rylandes, next the land of Robert
Wareyn; half an
acre in Wytewold, next the land of Robert Wareyn; a rood in Saltergateweye, next the land of
Robert Jaunuill;
a rood under Ganlouwe, next the land of Robert Jaunuill; a rood in le Oldemilneholm next the
land of Robert
Jaunuill. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Robert of Brantingesthorp,
Thomas Martyn of
Ernesby, John his son, Thomas brother of the same John. Hugh brother of the same Thomas,
Geoffrey
Launcelot of Sheuesby, Nicholas of Redesdale, John Sperwe. Seals gone. 
278 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 443. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Richard
Smert of Walton by
Kilmundecote and Margery his wife to Lawrence. son of Roger (sic) of Brantyngthorp. of a rood
of land with the
headland adjoining in the fields of Walton by Kilmundecote, which the said grantors had of the
gift and
feoffment of John son of lves of Walton', and which lie upon Stanground, between the land of
Hugh Pidele and
that of Roger Kyng. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William of Mousele,
Thomas son of
Robert of Brantyngthorp, William of Leyra of Kilmundecote; Gregory Adam. Richard Mile,
Hugh the clerk,
Richard Oxendon, Thomas of Esseby, of Walton. Seals gone. 444. N.d. Grant and confirmation
by Juliane
Warde. daughter of Hugh Sparue of Walton, to Robert, son of Roger of Ocsundon, of a rood of
land under the
court of the said Robert next the land of Adam son of Nicholas, extending to the water. To hold
of the said
Robert and his heirs to the said Juliane, her heirs and assigns whomsoever and when soever she
will, freely,
quit, peacefully and entirely, rendering therefor yearly an iron bow [j. acrum (sic) ferr') at Easter
for all
services, etc. Warranty. The said Robert has given to the said Juliane four shillings silver in hand.
Witnesses:
Richard Francus, Henry of Suckeboru. Henry the clerk, Thomas of Suesby, Thomas of Esseby,
William son of
Miles, Adam son of Matthew, Robert of Karelton, Ralph the clerk, Robert Gerard, clerk, Adam
son of Nicholas
of Kynemundecot, Robert Kyng. Seal. 445. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Juliana le Warde of
Walton by
Kynemundecotes to Ralph her son, of a part of her house containing 31 feet in length by 29 feet
in breadth.
and a chamber extending to the king s way, with a portion of her court containing 30 feet in
length and 26 feet
in breadth. as the bounds and metes are fixed, with free entry and exit for her carts and beasts,
and all manner
of easement as far as the king's way. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Cf. No. 436. 
KIMCOTE AND WALTON Witnesses: Richard of Wauer in Walton, William Fraunkelyn,
Robert Jaunuil, Gregory
Adam. Richard Milis. Seal gone. 446. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Sockeberue of
Walton to Robert
Gamul of Walton, for five shillings silver which the said Robert has given in hand, of half a rood
of land which
lies upon Euallzellzelleleys (sic) next the land of William Kync. To hold, etc., for ever, doing
therefore to the
chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Ralph Colton, Richard of Wauere, William Fraunkeleyn,
Robert Jaunuile,
Thomas of Esseby. Seal. 447. 1314-5, 5 Jan. [Sunday, eve of Epiphany, 8 Edw. II.) Walton by
Kynemundecot.
Grant and quitclaim by Robert Brown of Walton to William Orpede of all his right in half an acre
of land upon
Petelynges lowe next the land of Robert of Oxendon, which the said William had of the demise
of Hugh his
brother, and the said Hugh had of the demise of Geoffrey, father of the said Robert Brown.
Witnesses: Richard
of Wauere of Walton, Robert Jambeuile, William Fraunkeleyn, Gregory Adam, Hugh the clerk,
Richard Myle.
Seal gone. 448. 1318. 9 April [Sunday bejore Palm Sunday, II Edw. II.) Walton. Indenture of
grant and
confirmation by Thomas, son of Robert of Brantingthorp, to Robert, son of Robert le Large of
Kynemundecotes,
for his whole life, of 17 roods of orable land in the fields of Walton and Kynemundecotes; of
which half an acre
lies between Banlowe and Saltergate, next the land of the rector of the church of
Kynemundecotes; a rood
under Riggeweye, next the land of William Schulkeberwe; a rood under Riggeweye, next the
land of William
Jaunuill; a rood into Erstubslade, next the land of William Schulkeberwe; a rood into
Maywordeshom, next the
land of William Schulkeberwe; a rood upon Smaldole, next the land of Richard of Wykington; a
rood upon
Faruil, next the land of Hugh le Kyng; half an acre into Mortounmere next the land which
William en le Wro
holds; a rood through the 
280 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS middle (per medium) of Chircheweye, next the
land of William
Schulkeberwe; a rood under Hernou, next the land of William Schulkeberwe; a rood under
Ryelond, next the
land of William Schulkeberwe; a rood upon Kynstoneswell. next the land of Robert Maweston; a
rood upon
Matforlonges, next the land of William Jaunuill; and two roods ale langedich', next the land of
William
Schulkeberwe. To hold to the said Robert, his heirs or assigns, for his whole life, rendering
therefor yearly to
the said Thomas, his heirs or assigns, three silver shillings at three terms, viz. 12d. at
Michaelmas, 12d. at the
Purification, and 12d. at Pentecost, for all secular services, etc. Warranty. Reversion after the
death of the said
Robert to the said Thomas and his heirs. Witnesses: Robert Jaunuill of Walton, William
Fraunkelein. William
Jaunuill, Richard Fraunkeleyn, Gregory Adam, Richard Mile, Hugh le Kyng of Kynemundecotes,
Henry le Large.
Seal gone. 449. 1320-21, 22 Feb. [St. Peters Chair, 14 Edw. II.) Walton by Kyn'. Grant and
confirmation by
Richard of Soucberew, jun. of Walton by Kynemundecote to Robert le Large of Kynemundecote
and Alice his
wife, of half an acre of land with the headland (cheuett') lying under Kyn', between le
Southecroft and the plot
of Robert le Hayward, and extending in length from the lady's buttys to le Oldedam, for the
whole life of the
said Robert and Alice in survivorship. To hold of the said Richard, his heirs and assigns.
Warranty. Witnesses:
William Januile of Walton, Robert Januile. Richard Fraunkeleyn, Gregory Adam, Richard
Reynold, Henry le Large
of Kyn', Hugh the clerk. Seal gone. 450. 1321, 13 Sept. [Sunday before the Exaltation of the
Cross, 15 Edw. II.]
Walton by Kynemundecote. Grant and confirmation by Robert Gamel of Walton to Robert, son
of Robert le
Large of Kynemundecote, of 9 acres and a rood of land in the fields of Kynemundecote and
Walton. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty Witnesses: William Januyle of Walton, Richard Frankeleyn,
Gregory Adam,
Richard Myle, Richard Oxondon. Fragment of seal. 
KIMCOTE AND WALTON 451. 1325,. 3 May [Invention of the Holy Cross, 18 Edw. II.)
Walton. Grant and
confirmation by Robert son of Robert of Malueston of Parua Petling to Alice who was the wife
of Robert of
Oxundon of Walton and Robert her son, of the moiety of his messuage in Walton by
Kynemundecotes, as the
metes and bounds are fixed, viz. that moiety which lies next the messuage of Thomas of Esseby
on one side. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Jaunuill, William Jaunuill, Richard
Fraunkeleyn,
Richard of Oxundon, Gregory Adam, Thomas of Esseby. Seal gone. 452. 1326, 15 June (Sunday
after St
Barnabas, 19 Edw. II. Walton. Grant and confirmation by Richard le Bakester of Walton to Ralph
le Warde' of
Walton, of half an acre of land in the fields of Walton and Kynemundecotes, viz. that which lies
upon Pessel
next the land of Hugh of Pydele. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert
Jaunuill, William
Jaunuill, Richard Fraunkeleyn. Robert Wareyn. Robert of Oxundon, William of Schokeberwe.
Seal. 453. 1335, 5
June [Monday in Whitsun weck, 8 Edw. III.) Walton by Kimundecote. Indenture of grant and
demise by
Lawrence of Brantingthorp to Richard, son of Robert Mayster of Walton by Kynemundecote, of
an acre and a
rood of arable land in Walton and Kynemundecote, which the said Lawrence had after the death
of Margery,
sometime the wife of Richard Smert; whereof half an acre lies under Hyhil with the headland
adjoining, next
the land of Richard of Wykingeston; half an acre under Middilhaddone called the headland
(forera), upon
which Watirforousfurlong abuts, next the land of Robert of Oxindon; a rood upon Langetas,
except the parcel
of the said rood which Robert of Oxindon holds, as it is divided by bounds. Also of the
remainder to the said
Richard for his whole life of a rood which Richard Smert holds of the said Lawrence for the term
of his life upon
Stanground, the reversion whereof should come after the See No. 445. 
282 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS death of the said Richard Smert to the said
Lawrence. To hold to the
said Richard Mayster for his whole life, rendering therefor yearly to the said Lawrence, his heirs
and assigns,
sixpence, viz. twopence at Michaelmas, twopence at the Purification, and twopence at Pentecost.
Warranty.
Witnesses: William Jaunuill, Richard of Oxindon, of Walton; Robert of Oxindon, Adam
Gregorii, Stephen the
clerk. Seal gone. 4534. Counterpart of same. Seal gone. 454. 1338-9, 2 Jan. [Sunday after the
Circumcision, 12
Edw. III.] Kynemundecote. Grant and confirmation by Robert le Large of Kynemundecote to sir
William Helys,
chaplain, of Walton, and to John his (the said Robert's) son, of a dole of a virgate of land and
three roods of
arable land in the fields of Walton and Kynemundecote, viz. the dole lying in le Wold at le
Puttisdale, next the
dole which Adam of Coton holds in villenage, and extending in length from le
Mattefurlongeshadoue to the
boundary of Kylingworze; and half an acre of land lies upon Riggeweye, next the land which
John Alion holds;
and a rood lies at le Oldemilneholm with the headland (cheuet') adjoining, next the land which
Adam of Coton
holds. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Januull, Richard Oxundon,
Robert Oxundon,
Adam Gregorii, Thomas of Brantingestorph (sic). Seal. Endorsed : (1) Willelmus Elys (2) Late
hand. Robertus
Large Dolam et tres Rod' terre 455. 1343, 12 May [Monday after St John before the Latin Gate,
17 Edw. III.)
Walton. Release and quitclaim by Amice, sometime the wife of William le Smyth of
Kynemundecote, to Richard
Mayster of Walton by Kynmundecote and Alice his wife, of all her right in half an acre of arable
land with a
headland lying in the fields of Walton and Kynemundecote, under Hyhul in the north field,
between the 
KIMCOTE AND WALTON land of Alice (Ailicie) Frone and that which William Huet holds.
Warranty. Witnesses:
Richard Oxundon of Walton, Robert Oxundon, Thomas Halyday, Richard Wyginston, Thomas
Knyt. Seal gone.
456. 1345-6, 15 March (Wed. after St Gregory the pope, 20 Edw. III.] Walton by
Kynemondecote. Release and
quitclaim by Lawrence of Brantyngesthorp to Richard son of Robert Mayster of Walton by
Kynemundecote and
Alice his wife, of all his right in six roods of arable land lying in the territory of Walton and
Kynemundecot, the
which the said Richard and Alice had of the feoffment of the said Lawrence for the term of their
lives.
Warranty. Witnesses: William Jainuill, Richard Oxundon, Robert Frankeleyn, Robert Oxundon,
William Huet, of
Walton. Seal gone. 457. 1348. Monday, 29 Sept. [Michaelmas, 22 Edw. III.) Walton iuxta
Kynemundecot. Grant,
release and quitclaim by Denise (Dinisia), sometime the wife of Lawrence of Brantingesthorp to
Richard son of
Robert Mayster of Walton and Alice his wife, of all her right in an acre and a half of arable land'
under the
name of dower or any other right, which the said Richard and Alice had of the gift and feoffment
of the said
Lawrence. Witnesses: William Januull, Robert Frankeleyn, Robert Oxundon, William son of
Ralph, William Huet,
clerk, of Walton. 458. 1359, 15 Nov. [Friday after St Martin in the winter, 33 Edw. III) Walton.
Grant and
confirmation by John le Warde of Walton juxta Kynemoundecote to Ralph le Peyntour of Thorpp
juxta
Langeton and Alice his wife, the sister of the grantor, and to the heirs of their bodies lawfully
begotten, of a
messuage with the curtilage adjoining, situate between the messuages of John of Wynterton and
Robert
Reynald in Walton, and of half an acre of arable land in Walton, lying upon Pushull next the land
of John of
Probably the six roods of No. 456. 
284 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Wynterton. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Reversion to
the grantor and his right heirs. Witnesses: Robert of Wauer, Robert Fraunkeleyn, Adam Gregor.
John of
Wyntertone, Alan Gregor, Richard of Oxendon, Robert Reynald. Seal gone. 459. 1360-1, 7
March (Sun. bejore
St Gregory, 35 Edw. III.) Walton by Kynemundecote. Grant and confirmation by Richard Kyng
of Walton to
Thomas Ster of Welton', of 8 acres and 3 roods of arable land and half a dole of meadow in the
fields of
Kynemundcote and Walton, with all their appurtenances and rents to the said Richard
appertaining. To hold of
the chief lords, etc., rendering therefor yearly to Robert of Wouere' 7d. at two terms of the year,
and to the
chapel of Clypston' 6d. at two terms of the year by equal portions, for all manner of secular
actions and
demands. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Wouere, Adam Gregory, Alan Gregory. Robert
Frankeleyn, Robert
Wryghte. Robert Reynold. Seal. 460. 1365-6.1 March [Sunday after St Matthias the apostle
chosen by lot, 40
Edw. III.) Walton by Kylmundecote. Grant and confirmation by Simon Sampson of Lilleburn'
and Maud his wife,
by unanimous consent and assent, to John Normanton of Wythybrok' and Alice his wife, of all
those pastures,
commons, etc. in Walton by Kylmundecote, which lands and tenements, with meadows,
headlands (cheuiciis).
descended to the said Maud by right of inheritance after the decease of Richard of Oxendon her
father. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Jaunuyll, William Wynterton, Alan
Gregory. Ralph
Dryuer, Richard Myle, of Walton. Fragment of seal. Apparently Welton, co. Northanto, near
Daventry.
Churchover. *The royal tree chapel of Clipstone in Sherwood forest, near Edwinstowe, coNott. It
is not quite
clear how this rent arose; but 'the chapel of Clypeton clearly refera to this foundation, and not to
the parich
church of Clipaton, co. Northanta. "Lilbourne, co. Northants, near Rugby. Withybrook. co.
Warw., between
Rugby and Coventry. 
KIMCOTE AND WALTON 185 461. 1374-5. 29 Jan. [Monday after Conversion of St Paul, 49
Edw. III.] Walton.
Grant and confirmation by Roger Maystur of Walton to Thomas Heywode of the same and
Richard Thomlyn of
Flecneye', of four acres of land which he has in the fields of Walton and Kylmundkote, with
meadows, etc. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Jaunbwyle, William Wynturton,
Richard Oxundun,
William Colman, William Bayly, of Mlalton. 462. 1376. 10 August [Sunday, St Lawrence the
martyr, 50 Edw. III)
Kynemundecote. Acknowledgment by John Brewer, rector of the church of Kynemundecote, of
the receipt
from Richard Othegrene of Kylyngworde South' and William Othegrene of Leycester, of twelve
marks, in which
the said Richard and William were bound to him for the farm of his church from the feast of St
Peter at Chains
last past. Seal. Endorsed : Acquietantia Johannis Brewer Ricardo Grene & Willelmo Grene pro
firma Ecclesiae
de Kymbcote. 463. 1379. 29 June [Friday, St Peter and Paul, 3 Rich. II. Sheldon'. Grant and
confirmation by
Ralph Peyntur and Alice his wife to Helen their daughter, of the reversion of 91 acres of land
with a dole of
meadow belonging to a half virgate of land in Wantyngdon medwe, lying in Kynemundecote and
Walton,
which Roger Maystur held of the said Ralph and Alice for the term of their lives, and which they
had of the gift
and feoffment of William Steer and Joan and Alice, the daughters of John Kyng. To hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: John of Kyngton." John Blakenhale, John Haumond of Sheldon. Richard
Gerueyse,
William Clerke of Leyre. Seal in part. Endorsed in late hand : Wantingdon meadowe. 464. 1380,
30 Sept.
[Sunday after Michaelmas, 4 Rich. II.) Scheldon. Grant and confirmation by Alice Peyntour to
John Fleckney.
*South Kilworth. "Sheldon, co. Warw., near Birmingham. ineton, co. Naru. 
 286 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Jaunuill of Walton, of a messuage and ten acres
of land with
meadows, etc., in Walton and Kynmonddencote; the which messuage is situate between the
tenement of
William Wynterton and that of Robert Reynold. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John
Ward, chaplain, John of Kyinton', John Bucchemore. Seal (simple queue). 465. Same date.
Scheldon. Letters of
Alice Peyntour appointing William Wynterton her attorney to deliver seisin to John Jaunuill, of a
messuage and
ten acres of land, with meadows, pastures, headlands, etc., in Walton, which the said John has of
her gift and
feoffment, as appears by charter. Seal gone (simple queue torn off). 466. 1380, 7 Oct. [Sunday
before St Denis,
4 Rich. II.) Walton. Release and quitclaim by Elen Peyntour to John Jaunuill of Walton, of all her
right and claim
in a messuage and ten acres of land, with meadows, etc., in the town and fields of Waltun and
Kynemoundkote, which the same John has of the gift and feoffment of Alice, the said Elen s
mother.
Witnesses: John Wouure, John Greggori, William Wynterton, Richard Mile, John Asseby. Seal
(simple queue).
Tie. Endorsed (late hand) : Release Helen Poynter. 467. 1382, 24 Dec. [Christmas eve, 6 Rich.
II.] Walton.
Letters of attorney of John Cokke of Lylleburne, empowering Richard Jaunvill of Walton to
deliver seisin to
John Jaunuill of a messuage and a virgate of land in the town and fields of Walton and
Kynemoundescote; the
which Richard Makyn holds. Seal. 468. 1382-3, 19 March [Thursday before Easter, 6 Rich.
Walton. Grant and
confirmation by John Cok of Lilburne to John Jaunuill of Walton, of a messuage, a virgate of
land. Mineton. 
KIMCOTE AND WALTON 287 and a dole and a half of meadow in Walton and
Kynemoundcote. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Jaunuill, John Wouere, John Gregori. William
Wynterton, Richard
Mile. Seal. 469. 1384. 30 June (Thursday bejore the Translation of St Thomas the Martyr, 8
Rich. II.] Walton.
Grant and confirmation by John, son of Richard Jaunuyle of Walton by Kylmoundecote, to
William of Claybrouk
and his heirs, of the third part of a messuage and the third part of half an acre of land in Walton;
the which
entire messuage, whereof the said third part is parcel, lies next the messuage of William
Wynturton, and the
said half acre, whereof, etc., lies in a place called Pessul in the fields of Walton. To hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: William of Wynturton, William Fraunkeleyn, John Gregori, Richard Mile,
John Coruyseyr,
of Walton. Fragment of seal. 470. 1404-5, 27 Feb. [Friday after St Matthias, 6 Hen. IV Walton.
Grant and
confirmation by William of Leyre of Walton to John of Leyre his son, of a messuage and half an
acre of land in
the town and fields of Walton by Kynnemouncote, the which messuage lies between that of
Richard Reynell
and that sometime of William Wynturton. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses:
John Doue,
John Jaunuull, William Pasmer, Richard Reynold, Richard Wryth. Seal. 471. 1422-3, 12 March
[St Gregory the
pope, 1 Hen. VI.) Walton. Grant and confirmation by John, son of Robert of Leyre, to Thomas
Claybrook of
Walton, of a messuage with a curtilage and half an acre of land; the which messuage lies next
that of Thomas
Wynturton, and the half acre in a place called le Pessul in the field of Walton. To hold of the
chief lord, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: John Januyle, John Wouer, Thomas Sampson, John Swetcok. Seal. 
 288 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 472. 1428, 6 Sept. [Monday after St Cuthbert
the bishop, 7 Hen. VI.)
Walton. Release and quitclaim by John of Cleybroke, alias John of Leyre, son and heir of
William of Cleybroke
of Walton by Kylmundecote, to Thomas of Cleybroke of Walton, his brother, of all his right in a
messuage with
curtilage and half an acre of arable land in Walton; the which messuage lies between the
tenement of Thomas
Wynterton and that of Richard Reynold. Which premises the said John had after the decease of
the said
William his father. And the said half acre lies upon Peshyll between the land of the abbot of
Leycestur and that
of the abbot of Sulby. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Jaumvyle, John
Wouer, sen.,
John Wouer, jun., Thomas Sampson, John Swetkoc, of Walton. Seal gone. 473. 1431 [10 Hen.
VI). 10 Nov.
Walton. Delivery, enfeoffment and confirmation by Robert Paynell of Knaptoft, William
Belgraue of
Northkylyngworth', and John Skryven of Lutterworth to John Jaumvyle of Walton, of a messuage
and a virgate
and a half of land in the fields of Walton and Kynnemundecote, the which John Coton now
holds. The
messuage lies between the tenement of the lord of Kynne mundecote on either side. The which
the said
grantors lately had among other lands and tenements of the gift and feoffment of the same John
Jaumvyle. To
hold of the chief lords, Witnesses: John Wouer, sen., John Wouer, jun., Thomas Sampson, John
Doreward,
bailiff of Kynnemundecote, John Swetkoc, John lleff of Walton. Three seals. Walton. Grant and
474. 1431 [10
Hen. VI), 16 Nov. confirmation by John Jaumvyle of Walton to William Bent of Petlyng parua,
cartwryght, and
Margery his wife, of all that messuage and land which John of Coton holds of the said John in
the town and
fields of Walton and Kynnemundecote; the which messuage lies between the tenement of the
lord of
Kynnemundecote on either side, and which messuage with a virgate and a half of land the said
John Jaumvyle
had North Kilworth. 
KIMCOTE AND WALTON 289 of the gift and feoffment of John Koc of Lylleburn'. To hold of
the chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: John Wouer, sen.; John Wouer, jun.; Thomas Samson, John Swetkoc, John
lleff, Thomas
Wynterton, of Walton; John Doreward, bailiff of Kynnemundecote. Seal. 475. 1432 [II Hen. VII,
14 Nov. Walton.
Grant and confirmation by Agnes, late the wife of Thomas Smyth of Kylmundecote, in her pure
widowhood
and lawful power, to William Bent of Petlyng parua, cartwryght, and Marjory his wife, of half a
virgate of arable
land, with meadows, grazings, pastures, etc., in the fields of Kylmundecote and Walton; the
which she had of
late, with the said Thomas her husband, of the gift and feoffment of John Barker of Hynkeley,
deceased. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Jaumvyle, John Wouer, sen., John
Wouever, jun.,
Thomas Sampson, John Swetkoc, John lleff, of Walton; John Dorreward, bailiff of
Kylmundecote. Seal. 476.
Same date. Walton. Letters of attorney of Agnes, late the wife of Thomas Smyth of
Kylmundecote,
empowering Robert Smyth of Leyre, her true and lawful son, to deliver seisin to William Bent of
Petlyng parva
and Marjory his wife of half a virgate of arable land in the fields of Kylmundecote and Walton,
according to the
force, etc., of her charter made to the said William and Marjory. Witnesses: John Jaumvyle, John
Wouer, sen.,
John Wouer, jun., John Doreward of Kilmundecote, Thomas Bryon of Leyre. Part of seal. 477.
1432 [II Hen. VI).
20 Dec. Walton. Release and quitclaim by William Smyth of Nathesby', late the son of Thomas
Smyth of
Kylmundecote, to William Bent of Petlyng parua, cartwryght, and Marjory his wife, of all his
right and claim in
half a virgate of land with meadows, See No. 468. *Naseby, co. Northants. 
 290 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS etc. in the fields of Kylmundecote and Walton;
which the said
William and Marjory of late had of the gift and feoffment of Agnes, the grantor's mother, late the
wife of the
said Thomas, in her pure widowhood. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John
Jaumvyle, John
Wouer, sen., John Wouer, jun., Thomas Sampson, John Swetkoc, John Doreward, then bailiff of
Kylmundecote,
Richard Stere, of Kylmundecote. 478. Same date. Walton. Release and quitclaim by Robert
Smyth of Leyre, late
the son of Thomas Smyth of Kylmundecote, to William Bent of Petlyng parua and Marjory his
wife, of all his
right in half a virgate of arable land with meadows, etc., in the fields of Kylmundecote and
Walton, which the
said William and Marjory had of the gift and feoffment of the said Robert's mother Agnes, late
the wife of the
said Thomas, in her pure widowhood. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John
Jaumvyle, John
Wouer, sen., John Wouer, jun., Thomas Sampson; John Dorerard (sic), bailiff of Kilmundecote.
Seal. 479. 1439
[17 Hen. VIJ, 8 April. Walton. Ratification and confirmation by John Wouer, son and heir of
Sudona, the
daughter and one of the heirs of John Jaumvyle of Walton, of grant and confirmation by the said
John
Jaumvyle to William Cartwryght of Parua Petlyng, of all those lands and tenements, with
meadows, etc., in the
town and fields of Walton and Kylmundecote, which John Coton of late held of the said John
Jaumvyle, to hold
of the chief lords, etc., as in the charter of feoffment more fully is contained Warranty. Witnesses
: Thomas
Sampson; John Doreward, bailiff of Kylmundecote; John Swetkoc, Thomas Wynterton, Richard
lleff, of Walton.
Seal. 480. 1439 [18 Hen. VI), 13 Dec. Walton. Grant and confirmation by William Bent of
Petelyng and Margery
his 
KIMCOTE AND WALTON wife to John Bent of Petelyng parua, their son, and Agnes his wife,
of that messuage
and virgate and a half of land in Walton and Kylmundecote, which the said William and Margery
lately had of
the gift and feoffment of John Jaumvyle, late of Walton'; and also of that half virgate of land,
with meadows,
etc., in Kylmundecote and Walton, which they lately had of the gift and feoffment of Agnes, late
the wife of
Thomas Smyth of Kylmundecote". To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John
Wover, sen.; John
Wover, jun. Thomas Samson, John Swetcok, of Walton; John Durward of Kylmundecote; Simon
Harstoft of
Blaby; Richard Malston of Petelyng parua. Two seals. 481. 1443, 26 Dec. [Thursday, St
Stephen's day next after
Christmas, 22 Hen. VI.] Walton. Grant and confirmation by John Bent of Petelyng parua to
Henry Bevchaumpe,
earl of Warrwyk, Thomas Malary, kt., John Marchaunt, the said Henry s bailiff of Kybbeworth,
John Clerk and
Robert Marchaunt of the same, and William Bent and John Bent, brothers, the sons of the said
grantor, of all
his lands and tenements, etc., in the towns of Walton and Kylmundecote. To hold of the chief
lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: John Wover, jun., John Swetcok, Thomas Wynterton, of Walton; John
Durword of
Kylmundecote; William Botoun of Smeton. Seal. 482. 1457, 25 March. [Annunc. B.M., 35 Hen.
VI.) Kybworth.
Grant and confirmation by John Clerke of Kybworth Beuchamp and Robert Marchaunt of
Carleton Curly, to
John Bente of Enderby, of all the lands and tenements, with meadows, etc., which they lately had
of the gift
and feoffment of the said John Bente in the town and fields of Walton by Kylmyncote. To hold
of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Manne, Robert Goode, John Gegge, of Kybworth
Beuchamp. One seal
: the other gone. See No. 474. *See Nos. 475-478. 
 292 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 483. 1460, 25 July [St James the apostle, 36
Hen. VI. Assheby magna.
Grant and confirmation by John Mayster of Assheby magna to Joan Mayster his wife, of 44 acres
of arable land,
with meadows, etc., in the towns and fields of Walton and Kylmyncote. To hold of the chief lord,
etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: John Hachett, John Barre, John Perkyn, of Assheby magna. Seal gone. 484.
N.d. Grant
and confirmation by John Bent and Agnes his wife of Enderby to Thomas Dawkyn of Petlyng
parua, of half a
virgate of arable land with meadows, etc. in the fields of Kylmyndecote and Walton, which the
said John lately
had with the aforesaid (sic). To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses and date
wanting. Seal on
simple queue. Strip for closing. 485. 1465-6, 19 Jan. [St Wulstan, B.C., 5 Edw. IV. Walton.
Grant and
confirmation by John Bentt of Endurby and Agnes his wife, to Thomas Dawkyn of Petelyng
parua. of all their
lands and tenements, etc., within the towns and fields of Walton and Kylmyncote. To hold of the
chief lords,
etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Wovur, Richard Ylyff, of Walton; John Malston of Petelyng
parua. Fragment
of seal. 486. 1469, 2 April [Easter, 9 Edw. IV.] Walton. Grant and confirmation by Thomas
Claybroke of Walton
by Kylmyncote to Thomas Dawkyn of Petelyng parua, of a messuage and half an acre of arable
land in the town
and fields of Walton and Kylmyncote: the which messuage lies between the messuage of John
Wynturton and
the tenement of Richard Reynolde. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty. See Nos. 453, 456,
457. The
property in these charters amounts to 4 acres, 3 roods. 
KIMCOTE AND WALTON 293 Witnesses: Richard Wover, William Wynturton, of Walton;
William Bradgate of
parua Petelyng. Seal. 487. 1469, 28 May [Trinity, 9 Edw. IV) Walton. Release and quitclaim by
William
Claybroke, alias William of Leyre, son and heir of Thomas Claybroke of Walton by
Kylmundecote, to Thomas
Davkyn of Petelyng parua, of all his right in a messuage with the curtilage adjacent, and in half
an acre of
arable land in Walton; the which messuage lies between the tenement of John Wynturton and
that of Richard
Reynolde, and the half acre lies upon Peshill, between the land of the abbot of Leycetur and that
of the abbot
of Sulby'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Wouer, William
Wynturton. William
Broughton, William Bradgate, John Malston. Seal. 488. 1470 [10 Edw. IV.] 6 Oct.
Kylmundecote. Grant and
confirmation by Thomas Ster, late of Kylmundecote, to John Palmer of Northkyllyngworth, and
Thomas Aylmer
of Kylmundecote, of a messuage and a virgate of land in the town and fields of Kylmundecott
and Walton. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Wouer of Walton; William Wynturton,
bailiff there;
Richard Ylyfe, John Wynturton. John Wormlawton, of Walton. Seal. 489. 1473, 31 May
[Monday after
Ascension, 13 Edw. IV.] Kylmondecote. Grant and confirmation by John Palmar of
Northkyllyngworth and
Thomas Aylmar of Kylmondecote to Thomas Daukyn of Parua Petelyng, of a messuage and a
virgate of land,
with meadows, etc., in the towns and fields of Kylmondecote and Walton; the which messuage
lies between
the rectory and the tenement sometime of Thomas Sampson in Kylmondecote. To hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Warranty. See Nos. 469-472.


294 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: William Wynturton, William Broughton, of Kylmondecote; Richard Wover, Richard Breers, Thomas Coton. of Walton. Two seals. 490. 1473,. 3 June [Octave of Ascension, 13 Edw. IV. Kylmondecote. Release and quit-claim by William Belgrave of North Kyllyngworth to Thomas Daukyn of Parua Petelyng. of all his right in a messuage and a virgate of land, etc sas previous charter Witnesses: Richard Tylar of Walton: Robert Coton. Nicholas Kylonde, of Kylmondecote. Fragment of seal. 491. 1481, 13 Dec. [St Lucy. V.M., 21 Edw. IV.] Walton. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Wyntyrton of Walton te Thomas Daukyn of Petelyng Parua, of a messuage in Waltor by Kylmyncote, lying between the tenement of the lord de Souche and that of the said Thomas. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Wovar, William Reynolde, John Wormelaughton, of Walton. Fragment of seal. 492. 1492, [9 Hen. VII). 10 June. Indenture of grant and confirmation by Thomas Dawkyn to William Dawkyn. his son, of all his lands. etc. in the towns and fields of Parus Petelyng. Walton and Kilmondcote, and of all his goods movable and immovable in the said towns and elsewhere within the realm of England. To hold to the said William. his heirs and assigna, on condition that he shall sind for the said Thomas convenient victual and vesture during the term of the said Thomasí life, with right of re-entry and reseisin to the said Thomas in case of default Witnesses: Robert Hornyng. rector of Parua Petelyng. William Bradgate, Richard Mawson, of Parua Petelyng. Seal. 4924. Counterpart of same. with seal. 
KIMCOTE AND WALTON 493. 1521 [12 Hen. VIII), 14 April. Grant and confirmation by William Bent of Endurby to John Dawkyn of all himessuages. lands, etc., in the town and fielda of Walton anc Kymcote. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Power of attorney to Thomas Gylham to deliver seisin. Endorsed: W. Bent dedit Johanni Dawkyns. 494. 1521 (12 Hen. VIII). 20 April. Release and quitclaim by Thomas Bent of Enderby, husbondman, to John Dawkyn of Petelyng Parua, yoman, of all his right in all messuages, etc. Las in preceding grant. Seal. Endorsed : Thomas Bent filius Willelmi Bent relaxauit Johanni Dawkyns. 495. 1521 [13 Hen. VIIIJ, 30 April. Grant and confirmation by John Dawkyns of Peytlyng Parua, yoman, to William Wigston. jun., of Leycester, merchant of the staple of the town of Calais, master Thomas Wigston, clerk. William Gillott. clerk, and Richard Weylche, clerk, of all his messuages, meadows, grazings, pastures, rents, reversions and services in the town and fields of Kyndecott and Walton To hold to them and to the heirs and assigns of the same William Wigston of the chief lords, etc., for the use of the said William. Warranty. Power of attorney to Thomas Dawkyns to deliver seisin. Per me Jhon Dawkyn Endorsed: Dawkyns dedit Willelmo Wigston 496. 1521 (13 Hen. VIII). 20 Sept. Leycestre. Release and quitelaim by Thomas Wigston, clerk. William Gillott. clerk. and Richard Welche, clerk. to sir William Fyshar and air John Thorpe, his confrater, chaplains, and to the twelve poor men of the hospital of William Wigston, jun., in Leycester, of all their right, etc. in three messuages with all the lands, etc., in the towns and fields of Kyndcote and Walton. 

296 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
per me Thomam Wygston 
per me Willm. Gillott 
per me Richardum Welsch 
Three seals. 
Endorsed : Release of Kyndcote and Walton. 

XI. LEICESTER. 497. N.d.*
Grant and
confirmation by Robert, son of William son of Amfrid, to Geoffrey of Craniford, for his homage
and service, and
for 20s. which he has given in hand to the said Robert, of 4s. rent and four hens a year from a
[plot of) land in
Leicester, to wit, that land which Ralph Pestel held of the said Robert. To hold of the said Robert
and his heirs
to the said Geoffrey and his heirs, freely and quietly and in heritage, by the service of 12d. a year
for all
services appertaining to the said Robert and his heirs. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas of Estlega,
steward of the
earl of Leicester; William of Seneuill, Richard son of Warin, Gumfrid the chaplain, Philip the
clerk. Jordan the
clerk, William son of llebert, William Danet, Henry Costien, Simon Curleuach, William son of
William Walker.
Seal gone. Endorsed in late hand: Feoff. Roberti fil. Willelmi Roberto Cranfout (sic) de terr. que
fuerunt
Radulpho Pestel. 498. N.d. Release and quitclaim by John of Honecote to John of Norton of
Leycester and
Maud his wife and their heirs, of all his right in a messuage in the High street of Leycester in the
parish of St.
Martin, situate between the land which Cecily Blanchard holds and that sometime of Adam
Sharp, and also in
16s. rent issuing from the said messuage due to the said grantor. Warranty. Witnesses : Godfrey
of Stanford,
Richard son of John of the same. Roger of Someruill of the same; William of Cotes of Prestwold.
William of
Weston of Cortlingstok', Robert Jort of Lougtebur', Robert Berteuill of the same. Seal gone.
Probably c. 1250.
Huncote. *Costock, co. Nott. "Loughborough. 
LEICESTER Endorsed (1): Quieta clam. Jo. de Honecote. (2) Relaxatio Johannis Huncote
Johanni Norton vnius
messuag. & annui reddit. in alta strata Leic. 499. N.d.* Grant and quitclaim by Peter Blundus to
Richard, son of
Richard Brodee, of a land lying in Leycester towards the east gate, in the street called le
Parcheminergate,
upon the wall of Leycester, between the land which was of Richard Brodee, the grantor's father,
and that of
Richard. son of Robert le Parcheminer, in length 47 feet, and in breadth 20 feet. To hold to the
said Richard, his
heirs or assigns, to wit to whomsoever in health or sickness he will give, sell, bequeath, or in any
other wise
assign the premises, freely, etc. for ever, without gainsaying of the grantor, his heirs, and all other
earthly
persons. Rendering therefor yearly to the earl of Leycester, his heirs or their attorneys, for all
worldly service
sixpence, to wit, at Michaelmas twopence, at the Purification of B.M. twopence, and at Pentecost
twopence.
Witnesses: Alexander le Bonere, mayor; Henry of Rodington, reeve; William le Waleys, Richard
of Scelton,
Henry of Lowysby. Richard of Bevirley, Walter of Barnisby, William Parser, William of
Neubolt. Henry the clerk.
Seal gone. Endorsed in late hand : Feoffament. Petri Blunde Ricardo Brodee de terr. in
Perchimyner Gate. 500.
1272-3. Covenant (indented) between Alan, son of Geoffrey of Kyvelingwrz and Agnes his wife,
on the one
party, and Richard of Grendon on the other, whereby the said Alan and Agnes demise and grant
to the said
Richard a land with the buildings which was of Ralph Cheyle, and lies without the south gate of
Leycestre, next
the land which was of Ralph Elis on S. To hold to the said Richard, his heirs or assigns. from the
Purification of
B.M. 1272]-3) until the end of the nine years next following fully complete, rendering therefor
yearly to the
said Alan and Agnes, their heirs or assigns 3s. silver and 2d. and a hen and a half at the terms
accustomed in
Leycestre for all services, etc. Warranty. The said Richard. his heirs or assigns shall, within the
said term. repair
and maintain the buildings of the said land at their own costs. lAlexander le Bonere or le
Debonair was mayor
from 1270 to 1275. The name of Henry of Rodington as 'recve fixes the date at c. 1270-1. 
298 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS And, if the said buildings at the end of the said
term shall be in better
condition than they were at the beginning, their costs shall be allowed to the said Richard, etc., at
the end of
the term. or the said land, with its buildings and appurtenances, shall remain in their hands after
the end of the
said term, until their costs be fully rendered to them or be otherwise allowed by view of honest
men.
Witnesses : Alexander le Boner, mayor; William Leffe and Andrew of Wateberg, reeves; John
Palmer, Henry
Ferrey. John Ferrey, Henry Gilbert, John of Eythorp. Henry of Kybwrze, Henry the clerk.
Endorsed in late hand:
Dimissio Alani Kyvelingwey [sic) Ricardo Grendon terr. & edificiorum extra port. australem
Leic. pro termino
novem annorum. 501. N.d.* Grant and confirmation by Richard Brodheye. son of Hawise
Brodheye of
Leycestre, to Maud le Stabeler of Leycestre, his niece, and to Richard her son, of a messuage
with all its
buildings and appurtenances, lying in the parish of St Peter in Leycestre, between the land of
Godfrey of .. .
ode held on Lowane on N. and that which Richard S., and extending from the way which leads to
the east gate
as far as the wall of the town, and containing in length, next the town wall, 10 perches 8 feet, and
in length,
next the way which leads to the cast gate 2 feet, and in breadth, from the way which leads to the
cast gate as
far as the town wall, 5 perches I foot; of the which perches each contains 20 feet in length. To
hold of the
grantor and his heirs to the said Maud and Richard her son, or to whomsoever they will give,
assign or
bequeath the premises in sickness or in health, freely, etc., rendering therefor yearly to the chief
lords of the
fee the rents due and accustomed, to wit, to the earl of Leycestre 12d. sterling at three terms of
the year, to
wit, at Michaelmas, the Purification and Pentecost, 4d. each time, and to the abbot of
(Crojilaunde 3s. sterling
at the said terms, 12d. each time, and to the said Richard Brodheye a rose at St John Baptist, for
all service, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: Peter Hunfrey, mayor; Robert of Dauby, bailiff; John of Burton, G . . of W
. .. Henry of
Louseby. Peter Stanne, John le Somonur, William Baldewin. Peter Hunfrey, who heads the list of
witnesses,
was mayor in 1298-9. 
20 LEICESTER Seal gone. Endorsed in late hand: Feoffamentum Richardi Brodey. de vno
messuag. in parochia
sancti Petri Leic. factum Matilde le Stabeler. 502. 1305, 29 Oct. [Friday, morrow of St Simon
and St Jude, 33
Edw.I.] Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Alice Peke of Leycestre to Robert le Rydere of
Leycestre and Lucy
his wife, for a sum of money which they have given her in hand, of a rood of arable land lying in
the fields of
Leycestre next the land of Nicholas le Mayster, and extending in length from the land of the earl
of Leycestre
to le Bredesyk. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Roger of Wyluhby, mayor;
Hugh le Mercer,
Roger of Glen, bailiffs; Thomas Gumfrey, Nicholas of Sutton. Ralph of Sutton, John of
Knyhthtecote, John le
Ridere, Walter of Welham. Hugh le Engleys, Roger of Stowe, clerk. Seal. Endorsed in late hand :
Charta Aliciae
Peke fact. Roberto de Rydere & Lucie vx. eius de j. rod. terr. arab. in campis Leic. 503. N.d.*
Grant and
confirmation by Christian, relict of Henry le Mustarder of Leycester, to Agnes daughter of John
of Claybrock, of
Leycester, of the moiety of a messuage, with buildings and appurtenances, in the parish of St
Peter, Leycester,
en le Dedelane; the which the said Christian and Henry, sometime her husband, had of the gift
and feoffment
of Simon of Ocham : that moiety, to wit, next the land of the same Simon, and neighbouring on
the land of
Roger Abraham, together with all the goods and chattels, movable and immovable, of the said
Christian which
are in that moiety. To hold of the chief lords, etc., rendering therefrom to the said Christian
yearly throughout
her life 5s. of silver at the terms accustomed in Leycester, by equal portions; with power of
distraint to the said
Christian, for her life, upon any person into whose hands the premises shall come. Warranty.
Witnesses: John
Cagge, mayor; Hugh le Mercer and Roger of Clen, bailiffs; William of the brewhouse (de The
date is probably
1307, or 1306 at carliest. 
300 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Bracina), William of Broughton, Roger
Abraham, William of
Bradegate, William Aleyn, John of London, clerk. Fragment of seal (yellow wax). Endorsed in
late hand : Charta
Christinae relictae Henr. le Mustarder de medietat. vnius mess. cum edific. in Deadlane facta
Agneti filie
Johannis de Cleybroke. 504. 1307, 31 August (Thursday after Decollation of St John Baptist, I
Edw. II.]
Leycester. Grant and confirmation by Geoffrey, son of Henry of Foxton, to Henry of
Gothemundele', of all that
rent issuing from a house which William Gent holds for term of years of the demise of Robert
Aubrey, to wit,
homage, fealty, ninepence a year, a capon and a wytekoc, as in the original charter is contained.
To hold to the
said Henry and his heirs freely for ever, rendering therefor yearly to the chief lords the services
due and
accustomed. Warranty. Witnesses: John Cage, mayor of Leycester; John of Burton, Hugh le
Merceer, Roger of
Gleon (sic), bailiffs; William of Gothemundele. Seal gone. Endorsed in late hand: Charta Galfridi
fil. Henr. de
Foxton Henr. Gothmundele de Novem Denariat, Redd. vnius Caponis & vn. Wytekoc. 505.
1307-8, 19 March
[Tuesday after St Gregory the pope, Edw. II.] Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by Geoffrey, son
of Henry of
Foxton of Leycestre, to Henry of Gothemundele and his heirs, of all his right and claim in a
messuage and in 9d.
rent and a capon and a wytekoc in Leycestre, with remission of all manner of personal actions, to
wit of debt,
and of all other things, etc. Witnesses : Lawrence le Sadeler, mayor: Roger of Gleen, William of
Welghby of
Leycestre, John of Welghby, William of Gothemundele. Seal. Endorsed : Relax. Galfridi filii
Henrici de Foxton de
Leic. Henr, de Gothmondele vnius mess. et novem denar. redd. in Leic. Cumley. 
LEICESTER 506. 1313, 7 April JEve of Palm Sunday, 6 Edw. II.] Beulton. co. Warwick.*
Release and quitclaim by
Geoffrey, son of Henry of Foxton, of Leycestre, to Henry of Gothemundele, of all his right in a
messuage in
Leycestre, in a street called le Cank Canek (sic), and in 9d., a capon and a woodcock, of yearly
rent issuing out
of a messuage situate next the house of the friars minor on E. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: John Alci, mayor; Roger of Glenn, bailiff; Henry des Aspes, John the smith, of
Beulton; Henry of
Benewyk, of Gothemundele. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Relaxat. Galfridi fil. Hen. de Foxton
Henr.
Gothmundele vnius mess. & novem den. redd. &c. en le Kank. 507. 1320 (13 Edw. II.], 8 Dec.
Leycester. Grant
by William de Gothemundle of Leycestre to Maud his daughter, of a messuage in the parish of St
Martin,
Leycester, situate between the tenement of John Alsi and that of Robert Aubrei, and extending
from the way
that leads towards the Saturday market as far as the tenement of Henry Hereward. To hold of the
chief lords,
etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Peter of Kent, mayor; Walter of Buscebi, bailiff; John of Norton,
Thomas Mikilloue,
Geoffrey of Staunton, Alexander of Boseworth, William le Coupere. Seal gone. Endorsed in late
hand: Charta
Willelmi Gothmondele Matildae filiae eius vnius tenementi in parochia sancti Martini Leicestrie
inter
tenementum Johannis Alsi et Tenementum Roberti Awbry. 508. 1322-3 (16 Edw. II.], 26 Feb.
Leycester. Grant
and confirmation by Roger of Claybrok, of Leycester, to master William of Okham, of Leycester,
of a messuage
in le Dedelane, Leycester, situate between the tenement of the same master William and that
which Christian
le Mustarder holds for the term of her life, and extending from the said lane to This place-name
seems to be a
corrupt form. Bilton, near Rugby, is the most likely identification. 
302 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS the metes and bounds therein set. To hold of the
chief lords, etc., to
wit, by the service of 15d. at the terms accustomed in Leycester, by equal portions, for all secular
services.
Warranty. Witnesses : William of Lindrick, mayor; John Alsy and Walter of Busceby, bailiffs;
Henry Dowel,
William of Broghton, William Holgate, William Vndirwode, Henry Sabin, Stephen the clerk.
Seal. Endorsed (1)
Dedelane; (2) in late hand : Charta Rogeri Cleybroke fact. magistro W. Okham de vno mess. in
Dead lane. 509.
1324 118 Edw. II.], 22 Oct. Leycester. Grant and confirmation by John of Claybrok in Leycester,
sen., to master
William of Okham, of Leycester, of a messuage with all the goods, movable and immovable, that
are therein;
the which is situate in le Dedelane, Leycester, between the tenement of the said master William
and that of
William Aleyn. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : John Alsi, mayor; Walter
of Busseby,
Richard le Clauer, bailiffs; Henry Dowel, William of Broughton, William of Holgate, William
Aleyn, William
Vndirwod, Stephen the clerk. Seal. Endorsed : (1) Dedlan; (2) in late hand : Charta Johannis
Cleybroke sen. facta
magistro W. Okham de vno mess. in Deadlane in villa Leic. 510. 1327-8, 18 Feb. [Thursday after
St Valentine, 2
Edw. III.) Leycester. Grant and confirmation by William, son of Roger le Goldsmyth of
Leycester, chaplain, to
Ellen his sister, of a plot of land lying in the parish of St Peter, Leycester, between the land
sometime of Roger
of Wilughby and that of Henry Dowel. To hold to the said Ellen and heirs by the services
therefrom due and
accustomed. Warranty. Witnesses: John Alcy, mayor; Robert the clerk, bailiff; William of
Broghton, Richard of
Craunford, Reynold Pestel. Seal gone. 
LEICESTER Endorsed in late hand : Charta Willelmi filii Rogeri de Goldsmyth capel. fact.
Elene sorori sue in
venella sancti Petri. 511. 1328, 3 April (Easter, 2 Edw. III.] Leicester. Indenture of demise by
Elen le Orfeuere of
Leicester to Robert Pyk of the same, of a croft in the parish of St Peter, Leicester, lying between
the land of
Henry Dowel and that of master William of Okham, for the term of twelve years without any
service.
Warranty. Witnesses: William of Broghton, Henry Dowel, master William of Okham. William of
Wrelton, John
of Broghton, William Vndirwod, Stephen the clerk. Seal gone. Endorsed in late hand: Charta
Dimissionis pro 6
(sic) Annis per Elenam Orfeuere Roberto Pykes. 511A. Counterpart of the same. Endorsed in late
hand : Dimiss.
Elene Orfeuere fact. Roberto de Pyk de vno mess. pro duodec. annis Deadlane. 512. 1330 [4
Edw. III.], 31
March. Leicester. Grant and confirmation by Adam le Barker of Leicester to William Gentil of
Leicester and
Emma of Holm his wife, the grantor s sister, of a messuage in Sorelane, Leicester, situate
between the said
Adam s capital messuage and the tenement of Henry of Barkeby. To hold to William and Emma,
and the heirs
between the same procreate, of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Reversion to the grantor and his
right heirs.
Witnesses: Robert of Stretton, mayor; William of Cloun, bailiff; Richard of Walcot, Richard of
Anlep, William
Tulle, Stephen the clerk. Part of seal (white wax). Endorsed: (1) Sorelane; (2) in late hand :
Charta Adami Baker
(sic) facta Willelmo Gentyl et Emme sorori predicti Adami vnius tenementi in sorelane. 513.
1331, 29 Sept.
[Michaelmas, 5 Edw. III.] Leicester. Grant and confirmation by Maud, daughter of William of
Gothomundele, to
Thomas of Thornton, of Leicester, of a messuage in le Cank, Leicester, situate between the
tenements 
304 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS of John Alsy and John Leuerich, and extending
from the king's way to
the tenement of Henry Hereward'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Henry
Merlin, mayor;
William of Clouna, bailiff; Thomas Mikilloue, John of Scharneford, Simon Swon. Seal gone.
Endorsed in late
hand: Charta Matildae Gothmondele Tho. de Thornton vnius mess. in le Kank Leic. inter
tenementa Johannis
Alsy & Johannis Leverech, et extend, a via regia vsque ad tenementum Henr. Herewarde. 514.
1331, 1 Nov. [All
Saints, 5 Edw. III.] Leicester. Grant and confirmation by Thomas of Thornton, of Leicester, to
Nicholas Wade of
Ripoun, of Leicester, and Maud, daughter of William of Gothemundele, of Leicester, of a
messuage in the
parish of St Martin, in le Cank, between the tenement of John Alsy and that of John Leuerich,
and extending
from the said street to the tenement of Henry Hereward. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses:
Henry Merlyn, mayor; William of Clouna, bailiff; John Alsy, Thomas Mikilloue, John of
Scharnford, Richard of
Stokes, Stephen the clerk. Seal gone. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Tho. Thornton Nicholao
Wade et Matildae
fil. W. de Gothmundele vnius ten. en le Cank. 515. 1336, 23 April (Tuesday, St George the
martyr, 10 Edw. III)
Leycester. Grant and confirmation by Robert Pyk of Leycestre to Nicholas le Cu of Leycester and
Ellen his wife,
of a messuage with the garden and croft adjoining, in the parish of St Peter, Leycester, in the lane
called le
Dedelane, lying in breadth between the holdings of Henry Dowel and William of Ocham, sen.,
and in length
from the said lane to St Peter's lane". To hold to the said Nicholas and Ellen, and to the heirs of
Nicholas, of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Leuerych, mayor; William of Cloune, bailiff, Henry
Dowell, William
of Wrelton, Reynald Pestel, John of Broughton, Adam the clerk. 1See No. 507. 2Sce Nos. 510,
511. 
LEICESTER 305 Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Roberti Pyk facta Nicholao le Cu de vno
mess. cum gard. et
crofto adiacen. in Deadlane. 516. Same date. Leycester. Indenture of covenant between Nicholas
le Cu of
Leycester and Ellen his wife on the one part, and Robert Pyk of Leycester on the other, to the
effect that,
whereas the said Robert by his charter of feoffment has enfeoffed the said Nicholas and Ellen of
a messuage
with the garden and croft adjoining, in the parish of St Peter, Leycester, in the lane called le
Dedelane, as in the
said charter is more fully contained, the said Nicholas and Ellen will and grant, for them, their
heirs and
executors, that, if the said Robert, his heirs, executors, or any one in their name, pay to the said
Nicholas and
Ellen or one of them, their heirs, executors or their sure attorney, at Leycester, at the end of six
years fully
complete from the date of these presents, or within the same six years, 8 marks, 5s. 4d. silver,
then the said
Robert and his heirs may enter and retain the premises, notwithstanding the said charter with
seisin, which
shall then be null and void. In default of payment at the end of or within the said term, the said
Nicholas and
Ellen, and the heirs of Nicholas, shall have and hold the premises without gainsaying of the said
Robert and his
heirs for ever. Witnesses: John Leuerych, mayor; William of Cloune, bailiff; Henry Dowel,
Reynald Pestul, John
of Tokeby, William Aldych, Adam the clerk. Endorsed in late hand : Indent. deferant. inter
Robert Pyk et
Nicholaum le Cu et Elenam vxor. eius de vno mess. gard. et crofto in Deadlane. 517. 1336, 6
Aug. (Tuesday
after St Peter's Chains, 10 Edw. III.] Knygton. Grant and confirmation by John Wynger of
Knygton to Hugh of
Knygton of Leycester, of half an acre of arable land in the fields of Knygton, to wit, ateholthe,
extending to
Sondwellesike, between the land of Jurdan of Garthorp on one side and the land of William of
Wyluby on the
other, with all its appurtenances. To have, etc., of John, his heirs and assigns, to Hugh, his heirs
and assigns, by
the services due and accustomed. Tugby. 
306 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: Jurdan of Garthorp, John of
Wyluby, John Crispyn, Richard
Wisdam, Roger of Evinton. Seal: dark yellow wax; a shield. Endorsed in late hand : feoffament'
Johis Wynger
Hugoni Knyghton de Di. acre (sic) terre in Knyghton. 518. 1339, 29 May (Sat. after Trinity, 13
Edw III.] Stanford.
Release and quitclaim by John, son of John of Huncote of Leycestre to Robert Whitgloue and
Maud his sister,
and to the heirs of the said Robert, of all his right in a messuage in Leycestre, lying next the
messuage of Cecily
Blaunchard'. Warranty. Witnesses: William Hauberk, William of Ayleston, William of
Normanton, Hugh of
Someruill, Lawrence of Merdele. Small piece of seal. Endorsed in late hand: Relaxatio Johannis
Huncote
Roberto Whytglove & Matildae sorori eius de mess. iuxta mess. Ceciliae Blanchard in Leic. 519.
Same date.
Stanford super Sore, co. Nottingham. Release and quitclaim by Thomas, son of John of Huncote
of Leycestre, to
Robert Wytglove and Maud his sister, of all his right in a messuage in Leycestre described as in
the last.
Warranty. Witnesses: William Hauberk, William of Stanford, Hugh of Someruill, John son of
Godfrey, of
Stanford; Roger le Wrighte, John of Remston, John of Leyk. Fragment of seal. Endorsed in late
hand : Relaxat.
Tho : Huncote Roberto Wytglove & Matildae sorori suae de mess. iuxta Ciciliam Blanchard
Leic. 520. 1342-3, 3
Feb. [Monday after the Purification of B.V.M., 17 Edw. III.] Leycester. Grant and confirmation
by John Brid of
Leycestre to William, son of William of Sutton, of Leycester, and Lettice his wife, of a messuage
situate in the
lane which is called Kephouenelane, between the tenement of William Gentyle and that of Henry
of Brackele,
and 1Cf. No. 498. 
LEICE extending from the said lane to the tenement of William of Cloune. To hold of the chief
lords, etc.
Witnesses : Geoffrey of Kent, mayor; William of Cloune, bailiff; William le Goldsmyth, William
le Turnour, John
le Peyntour, Thomas Rodecok, Adam the clerk. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Johannis
Bryde de vno
mess. in venel. vocat. Kephouenelane facta W. Sutton. 521. 1346, 20 April (Thursday in Easter
week, 20 Edw.
III) Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Nicholas Wade of Ripoun, of Leicestre, to William
Lauaunder of
Leicestre, chaplain, of a messuage in Leycestre in the parish of St Martin, in le Cank, between the
tenement of
John Foluill and that of Henry Blak, and extending from the said street del Cank to the tenement
of Robert of
Wylughby. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Richard Leuerich, mayor;
Gilbert Lauener,
bailiff; John Martin. Richard Norman, John Brid, John Damemme, Henry Blak, Thomas of Beby,
John of Louseby.
Seal gone. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Nicholai Wade de Ripoun de Leic. Willelmo
Lavaunder capell. vnius
mess. in parochia sancti Mart. en le Kank int. ten. Johannis Folvyll & Henr. Blake 522. 1348, 24
Dec. [Wed.,
Christmas eve, 22 Edw. III.) Leycester. Grant and confirmation by William, son of William of
Sutton, of
Leycestre, to Richard le Wyngere of Leicestre, draper, of a messuage situate in the lane which is
called
Kephouenelane, between the tenement of William Gentyle and that of Henry of Brackeleye, and
extending
from the said land to the land of the abbot of Oselueston'. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses:
John Hayward, mayor; Gilbert Lauener, bailiff; Richard Norman, John Bryd, John of Pykeryng,
Nicholas
Frereman, William Gentyle. Seal See No. 520. 

308 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Endorsed in late hand: Charta W. Sutton fil. Willelmi Sutton de vno mess. in Kephouenelane fact. Ricardo de Wyngere. 523. 1348-9, 23 March [Monday before the Annunciation, 23 Edward III.] Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by William of Okam, of Leycestre, sen., to lsabel his daughter, of his capital messuage in Leycestre, situate in Dedelane, between his own tenement on either side, and extending in length from the Dedelane to a gate there. To hold to the said Isabel and the heirs of her body lawfully begotten, rendering therefor yearly to the said William or his heirs 6d, at the terms of rent accustomed in Leycestre, by equal portions, and doing to the chief lords, etc. Reversion, if Isabel die without lawful heirs, to the said William and his heirs. Witnesses: John Hayward, mayor; Gilbert le Auener, bailiff; William Hendeman, William of Groby, William Russel. Seal (yellow wax). Endorsed : (1) Dedelane; (2) in late hand : Charta W. de Okham sen de capitali mess. in Deadlane fact. Isabelle filie sue. 524. Same date. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by William of Okam, of Leicestre, sen., to Maud his daughter, of two cottages in Leycestre, situate in le Dedelane between the messuage of Nicholas le Cok and the tenement of the said William, and extending in length from le Dedelane to a hedge there. To hold to the said Maud and the heirs of her body lawfully begotten, rendering therefor yearly to the said William or his heirs 6d. silver, and doing for him and his heirs to the chief lords, etc. Reversion, if Maud die without lawful heirs, to the said William and his heirs. Warranty. Witnesses: John Hayward, mayor; Gilbert le Auener, bailiff; William Hendeman, Roger Mahew, William of Groby. Seal (yellow wax). Endorsed : (1) Dedelane; (2) in late hand : Charta W. Okham de duobos cotag. in Deadlane facta Matilde fil. sue. 
LEICESTER 525. 1349. 29 April (Wed. after St Mark, 20 Edw. III.) Leycester. Grant and confirmation (indented) by William of Guthmoundele, of Leycester, chaplain, to William of Sendale, of Northorp, of a messuage situate in the parish of St Martin, Leycestre, in le Canke, which Henry Blake holds, between the tenement of the said Henry and that of Robert Aubrey, and extending from the street to the land sometime of Walter Sclatere. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the said William of Sendale and the heirs of his body lawfully procreate. Remainder to Walter Mile and John Tebaud, wardens of the church of St Nicholas, Leycestre, for the maintenance of divine celebration of the glorious Virgin Mary in the church aforesaid for ever, for the salvation of the grantor's soul and those of all his parents and all the faithful departed. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the said Walter d John and their successors for ever. Warranty to the id William of Sendale and to the said wardens Witnesses: John Hayward, mayor; Gilbert Lauener, bailiff; Geoffrey of Kent, Henry Blake, John Damemme, John of Louseby, sen.. Thomas le Fysshere. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Willelmi Guthmondele Willelmo Sendale scit. in paroch. divi mertini in le Cank int. tenement. Henr. Blake & Tho. (sic) Awbrey in feodo talliat. generali. Rem. cust. ecclesiae divi Nicholai Leic. imperpetuum. 526. Same date. Leycester. Grant and confirmation by William of Guthmoundele, of Leycester, chaplain, to William of Sendale, of Northorp, of a plot of land lying in the parish of St Martin, Leycester, in Donylane, between the land sometime of Robert of Wylughby and that of Geoffrey of Kent. and extending from the said lane to the land of the said Geoffrey. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Hayward, mayor; Gilbert Lauener, bailiff; Henry Blake, Thomas of Beby, John Damemme, John of Louseby, sen., Thomas le Fysshere. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Willelmi Gothmundele de Leic. capellanus Willelmo Sendale de vna placea terr. in 
310 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS paroch. sancti Martini Leic. in Dony Lane int. terr. quondam Roberti Wylloughbye & Galfridi de Kent. 527. 1351,21 June (Tuesday after St Botolph, 25 Edw. III. Leycester. Release and quitclaim by William of Sendale, of Northorp, to John of Louseby, of Leycestre, sen., of all his right in a tenement in le Canke which Roger Stoyle holds next the tenement sometime of John of Scharneford, and in a plot of land which Geoffrey of Kent holds in le Canke, lying between the land of St Mary, of the church of St Martin, on one side, and that of the said Geoffrey on the other; and alse in all the lands and tenements which may fall to the said grantor in Leycester and in its suburbs. Witnesses: Geoffrey of Kent, mayor; Gilbert Lauener, bailiff; William of Kent, Thomas of Beby, John Damemme, Robert le Coupere, William of Cotes. Endorsed in late hand : Relaxat. Willelmi Sendale Johanni Lowesbye senior. vnius ten. in le Cank int. terr. quam Galfridus de Kent tenet & ten. sanctae Mariae ecclesiae sancti Martini 528. 1351, 31 July (Sunday after St James the apostle, 25 Edw. III.] Grant and confirmation by Ellen, sometime the wife of Nicholas le Cu of Leycestre, to William of Groby, of Leycestre, flesshewereí, of a plot of land lying in le Dedelane between the tenement of master John of Elmeshale and that sometime of Ocham (sic), and extending from the said lane to St. Peterís lane. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty Witnesses: Geoffrey of Kent, mayor; Gilbert Lauener bailiff; William le Goldsmyth, William of Wrelleton, Nicholas Hendeman, Roger Mayow, Thomas Mayow. Seal. Endorsed in late hand: Charta Elene quondam vxor Nicholai de Cu fact. de vna placea terr. cum pertin. iacen. in Deadlane 529. 1351, 1 Aug. [Monday, St Peterís Chains, 25 Edw. III.) Leycester. Indented deed of William of Groby o Leycestre, flesschewer, granting that, if he, his heirs or assigns II.e. butcher. 
LEICESTER hold in peace the plot of land, whereof he has been enfeoffed, as in the preceding charter, by Ellen who was the wife of Nicholas le Cu of Leycestre, until the end of 14 year fully complete from the feast of St Michael the Archange next after the date of this indenture, without plea or hindrance of the said Ellen or her heirs, rendering therefor yearly to the said Ellen or her heirs a rose at Midsummer, and doing [service) therefor, for the said Ellen and her heirs, to wit to the chief lord ninepence silver a year, at the usual terms in Leycestre, by equal portions : then the said charter shall be pull and void. But if not, it shall hold good. Witnesses : Geoffrey of Kent, mayor; Gilbert Lauener, bailiff; William le Goldsmyth, William of Wrelleton, Nicholas Hendeman, Roger Mayow, Thomas Mayow. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Charta W. Groby feofat. Elene vxor. Nicholai le Cu fact. de vna plac. terre in Deadlane s. condic. 530. 1351, 6 Dec. [Tuesday ajter St Benet the abbot, 25 Edw. III.] Leycester. Grant and confirmation by William. son of Richard of Wynewyk, of Wheston', to John of Louseby, of Leycestre, sen., of a plot of land lying in the parish of St Martin, Leycestre, in the lane which leads to the Saturday market, between the tenement of the gild of the consecration (sic) of Corpus Christi, of the said church, on one side, and that sometime of Christopher of Enderdeby on the other, and extending from the said lane to the land of e said Christopher. To hold of the chief lords, etc. arranty. Witnesses : Geoffrey of Kent, mayor; Gilbert Lauener, bailiff; Thomas of Beby. John Damemme, William of Cotes. No seal. Endorsed in late hand: Feoffament. Willelmi Wynewyk fact. Johanni Lowesby de placeo terre in venell. que ducit in forum sabati int. tenementa nuper gilde Corpor. Christi et Christoferi Enderby. 531. 1352, 20 July (Friday, St Margaret the virgin, 26 Edw. III.] Leycester. Grant and confirmation by Richard Wyngere elone 
312 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS of Leycestre to William of the Chamber [de camera), gatekeeper [janitori) of the castle of Leycestre, of a messuage situate in the parish of St Mary of the Castle. Leycestre to wit, in Kephouenelane, between the land of the said William which was sometime of William Gentyle, and that of Henry of Brackeleye, and extending from the king's way to the land of the abbot of Oselueston'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William le Goldsmyth, mayor: Thomas dele Groue, bailiff; Richard Norman, John Hunte, Ralph le Fysscher, William le Dextere, Richard of Sutton. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Ricardi Wyngere de vno mess. in Kephouenelane facta W. de Camera. 532. 1352, 5 August (Sunday after St Peterís Chains, 26 Edw. III.) Leycester. Grant and confirmation by Roger of Stoghton, of Leycestre, chaplain, to Henry Caudel of Leycestre, carpenter, of a plot of land in the eastern suburb of Leycestre, lying in Longcroft, between the land sometime of Robert of Greseleye and that sometime of Miles Samme. which Andrew Sweyn holds, and extending from Barkebylane to the land of the bishop of Lincoln. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William le Goldsmyth, mayor; Thomas dele Groue, bailiff; Robert le Porter, William of le Waynhous, William of Norton, Roger Malyn, John Dekene. Fragment of seal. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Rogeri Stoughton fact. Henrico Candell de vna placea terre in suburbiis Leic. vocat. Longcrofte. 533. 1353, 13 Sept. [Friday bejore the Exaltation of the Holy Cross, 27 Edw. III.) Leycester. Grant and confirmation by Henry Caudel of Leycestre, carpenter, to William of Asscheby. of Leycestre, barker, and Alice his wife, of a plot of land in the eastern suburb of Leycestre, lying in Longcroft. between the land of the said William and Alice and that sometime of Miles Samme (etc., as in No. 532). To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. See Nos. 520, 522. 
LEICESTER Witnesses: William le Goldsmyth, mayor; Thomas dele Groue, bailiff; Robert le Porter, William dele Waynhous, Robert Malyn, Roger Malyn, John Dekene. Fragment of seal. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Henrici Caudell fact. Willelmo Ashbye & vxor. eius de placea terr. in Longcrofte. 534. 1357, 6 April [Maundy Thursday, 31 Edw. III. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by John of Foluill, of Rerisby, to Matthew le Tailour of Leycestre, of a messuage with its buildings and all its appurtenances in Leycestre, lying between the friars minor and the messuage of John of Lowesby. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Wareyn, mayor; Thomas of Groue, bailiff: Walter of Lindrich, John Keling, John of Lowesby. John Damemme, William of Cotus. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Johannis Folvyle Matheo le Taylour tenement. int. terr. Johannis de Lowesby & ten. fratium minorum. 535. 1359, 18 Oct. (Friday, St Luke, 33 Edw. III.) Leycester. Grant and confirmation by John, sometime the son of Richard Vndirwall of Leycestre, in his full age and lawful power, to William Asscheby, of Leycestre, barkere, of a furlong (quartrona) of land. lying in the eastem suburb of Leycestre, to wit, in Longcroft, between the land of the said William and that of John Bras, and extending from Barkeby Weye to the ditch of le hauedelondí of the bishop of Lincoln. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William of Dunstaple, mayor; Thomas dele Groue, bailiff; Robert le Porter, John Dekene, William Bee. William of Norton, Roger Malyn. Seal gone. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Johannis fil. Willelmi (sic) Vndiwall fact. Willelmo de Ashbye de vna quartrona terre in Longcroft int. Barkby Lane & stond (sic) episcopi Lincoln. 536. 1360-1, 28 Feb. [Sunday after St. Matthias, 35 Edw. III.] Leycester. Release and quitclaim by John Fode 
314 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS of Leicestre to William dele Grene of Leycestre, of all manner of actions, real and personal, by reason of any trespass, etc Seal : simple queue. 537. 1362-3, 9 Jan. (Monday after Epiphany, 36 Edw. III. Leycestre. Indenture of demise and grant by John of Elme shale, of Leicester, to John of Derby, of Leycester, cutter, and to Emma his wife and Helen their daughter, of a curtilage in Leycestre, to wit, that which the said grantor had of the gift and feoffment of Joan of Ermesby. which lies in breadth between the tenement of Hugh le Scheremon and the land of the said John of Elmeshale, and extends from the lane which leads from Hotegate to the castle of Leycester, as far as the land of the said John of Elmeshale. To hold to the said John of Derby, Emma and Helen, for their whole live in survivorship, rendering therefor to the said grantor, his heirs or assigns, 5s. silver at the terms usual in Leycester by equal portions, for all service. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas of Beby, mayor; Philip of Tynemouth bailiff; Richard of Knygtone, John le Cok, Hugh le Scheremon, Roger le Fisscher, Roger of Kelby. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Johannis Elmeshale fact. Johanni de Derby de vno curtilag. in venel. que duc. ad Castrum. 538. 1364, 26 March (Tues. in Easter week, 38 Edw. III. Leycester. Grant and confirmation by Matthew le Tayllour of Leycestre to Richard le Charreour of Kerbyí, of a messuag in Leycestre, situate between the friars minor and the tene ment sometime of John of Lousebyî. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Tubbe, mayor; John of Tynemouthe, bailiff; Thomas of Beby, William of Burton. Robert le Coupere. Thomas of Houby, John of Derby, Ralph Taleman, Richard of Preston. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Mathei le Taylour Ricardo le Charreowre de Kyrby vnius mess. scit. int. fratres minor. & tenement. quondam Johannis de Lowesbye. Kirby Muxloe. *See No. 534. 
LEICI 539. 1367. 8 Oct. [Friday after St Faith, V.M., 41 Edw III.) Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Ellen, sometime the wife of Nicholas le Cu of Leycestre, in pure widowhood and lawful power, to Robert of Hornynglowe, of Leycestre, flesschewer, of a plot of land lying in le Dedelane, between the tenement of John Russel and that sometime of William of Okham, and extending from the said lane to St Peterís lane. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John of Stafford, mayor; John Cooc, bailiff; William of Thornton, John Russel, Robert Clerk. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Elene vxoris Nicholai le Cu fact. Roberto de Hornylowe de vna placea terr. cum pertin. in Deadlane. 540. 1367, 24 Oct. [Sunday after St Luke the evangelist, 4 Edw. III.) Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by Philip. son and heir of Nicholas le Cu of Leycestre, to Robert of Hornynglowe, of Leycestre, flesschewer, of all his right in a plot of land lying in le Dedelane (as described in No. 539) Warranty. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Charta relaxacionis Philippi filii Nicholai le Cu fact. Roberto de Hornynglow de placea terre in Deane (sic) lane. 541. 1367-8, 15 Jan. (Saturday after St Hilary, B.C., 4 Edw. III.] Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Roger of Wilughby, lord of Barkeby, to Robert of Hornynglowe, of Leycestre, flesschewer, of a plot of land in the parish of S Peter. Leycestre, lying between the land of the said Robert and that sometime of William of Okham, and extending from the land of the said Robert to the lane of St Peter. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John of Stafford, mayor; John Cooc, bailiff: John of Petirburgh, John Russel, Nicholas Hendeman. Fragment of seal with shield of arms, a chevron. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Rogeri Wylloughby domini de Barkby facta Roberto de Hornynglowe de vna placea terr. in venella sancti Petri Leic. extend. 
316 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 542. 1368, 4 Dec. [St Benet the abbot, 42 Edw. III.) Leycestre. Grant by Richard le Charreour of Kerby to sir Henry of Orwelle and sir Ralph of Stocton, chaplains, of a messuage in the parish of St Martinís, Leycestre, to wit, ir le Cank, situate between the garden of the friars minor and the tenement sometime of John of Louseby, and extending from the kingís way to the land of Thomas of Kirkeby. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John of Stafford, mayor of Leycestre; John Cook, bailiff; Thomas of Beby, John Tournour, Richard of Preston, Robert le Coupere, John Taillour. Endorsed: (1). de ten. iuxta gardinum Frm Minorum. (2, late hand). Charta Rici le Charriour de Kyrby Henr. de Oswell (sic) & aliis. Le Canke. 543. 1369, 1 June [Friday after St Pernell the virgin, 43 Edw. III.) Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by William othe Grene of Leycestre to sir John of Rakedale, vicar of the church of St Martin, Leycestre, sir Robert of Ouerton Sauce, chaplain, William of Burton, Henry of Petlyng, anc Henry of Clipston, of Leycestre, of all his lands, tenements etc., in the town of Leycestre and in the suburb thereof, and in Brounkyngethorp and Aston Flamuill. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas of Beby, mayor; John Cook, bailiff; Roger of Belgrave, Richard of Knyghton, William of Humber ston, John Grom, of Leycester; William le Heyr, of Aston. Fragment of seal. Endorsed in late hand: Feoff. consid. Willelmi othe Grene Johanni Rakedale & aliis de omnibus terris in Leic. & aliis. 544. 1369-70, 25 Feb. [Monday after St Matthias, 44 Edw. III.) Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by John Rider, son of Thomas Rider, of Leycestre, to William othe Grene, of Leycestre, of all his right in all the lands and tenements which were sometime of John of Knyghton, of Leycestre, draper, in the town and in the fields of Leycestre and Knyghton. See Nos. 534, 538. 
LEICESTER Witnesses: John Cooc, mayor and bailiff; Richard of Knygton, Thomas Chapman, William Hendeman, William of llueston. Endorsed in late hand : Relaxacio omn. terr. que fuerunt Johanni Knyghton Willelmo othe Grene per Johannem Ryder. 545. 1370, 25 May (Sat. after the Ascension, 44 Edw. III. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by John of Melton and William of Sewistern, of Leycestre, chaplains, to sir Thomas Wallsch, kt., lord of Anelep, John of Rakedale, vicar of the church of St Martin, Leycestre, Henry of Petlyng, Henry of Clipston, William of Humburston, and sir Robert of Ouerton Sauce, of Leycestre, chaplain, of a messuage in the high street of Leycestre, which was sometime of John of Norton. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: John Cook, mayor and bailiff; William of Sitheston', Thomas Chapman, Thomas Wynger, Richard of Knyghton. Two seals. Endorsed in late hand: Feoffamentum Johannis Melton & Willelmi Sewisterne factum Tho: Walshe & aliis de messuag. in alta strata Leic. 546. 1370, 12 June (Wed. after St Barnabas, 44 Edw. III.) Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by Robert of Ouerton, chaplain, John Norman. William of Knyghton, Willian Wynger, and William Kyng, of Leycestre, to William othe Grene, of Leycester, of all their right in all the lands and tenements which they had of the gift and feoffment of Roger of Croxton, of Leycestre, in the suburb and in the fields of Leycestre and Knyghton. Witnesses: John Cook, mayor and bailiff; John of Stubton, Matthew of Holleford, Peter atte Halle, William of Euyngton, of Knyghton. Five seals. Endorsed in late hand: Relaxatio feoffatorum Rogeri Croxton Willelmo othe Grene de terris in Leic. & Knighton. Syston. 
318 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 547. 1377, 24 June (Nativ. of St John Baptist, I Rich. II.) Leycestie. Grant and confirmation by William Grene of Leycestre to Henry of Clypston and William of Humburston both of Leycestre, of a tenement lying in the town of Leycestre; the which tenement was sometime of John of Norton, and lies between the tenement of Agnes Blanchard and that of Thomas of Kyrkeby. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Ferrour, mayor; Robert Hornynglow, John Prentys, bailiffs; Thomas Beby, Roger of Belgrave Richard of Knyngton, John Norman, Richard of Gameston. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Feoff. Willelmi Grene Henrico Clypson de mess. in Leic. voc. Nortons Land. 548. 1377, 27 Sept. [Sunday before Michaelmas, I Rich. II.) Leycestre. Release, pardon and quitclaim by Johr Jakys, Robert Bouer, William Kyng, John Gylbard, anc William de la Lowe of Schylton, to William Grene, Thomas Blanchard of Leycestre, John, serving-man of the said Willian Grene, and all other his servants, of all actions by reasor of debt, etc. 4 seals (partly broken): one gone : simple queue. Endorsed: Relaxacio omnium accionum Willelmo Grene et aliis. 549. 1378, 10 May (Sat. ajter St John before the Latin gate, I Rich. II.] Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Henry of Clypston, of Leycestre, to William othe Grene, o Leycestre, of all lands, etc., which he had of the gift and feoffment of the said William in the town and suburb of Leycestre and in Brounkyngethorp and Aston Flamuill'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: William Ferrour, mayor; Robert of Hornyng. lowe and John Prentys, bailiffs; Thomas of Beby, Roger of Belgrave, Richard of Knyghton, William of Humberstone, burgesses; sir William Flamuill, kt. Seal. See No. 542. 
LEICESTER Endorsed in late hand : Feofamentum Henrici Clypston Willelmo othe Grene de terris in Leic. & aliis. 550. 1380, 11 June [Monday, St Barnabas, 3 Rich. II. Leycester. Grant and confirmation (indented) by Roger of Belgraue to Henry of Clipston, William Humburston, Andrew Clasier, Thomas Chapman, Richard Martyn, Richard of Braunston, and John Flekeney, of 4s. 6d. annual rent payable from a messuage next the churchyard of the church of St Martin on W., between the tenement sometime of John of Rakedale on N. and the lane whereby one goes to the friars minor on S. To hold to the said grantees, by equal portions at the three terms of the year customary in Leycester. Power of distraint, if the said rent be a month in arrear. Warranty. Witnesses: William of Burgh, steward of Leycester; John Norman, Richard Martyn, bailiffs; William of Siston, John of Peturburgh, John Chapman, John of Stafford. Five seals (imperfect) Endorsed (1) Belgraue, iiij s. vj d.; (2) in late hand: Charta indentat. Rogeri de Belgrave facta Henrico Clyston (sic) & aliis de 4s. & vjd redd. exeunt. de vno mess. iuxta cimiterium sancti Martini Leic. 551. 1381, 12 Oct. [Saturday after S. Denis the abbot, 5 Rich. II.] Leycester. Grant and confirmation by Robert of Hornynglowe, of Leycestre, flesshewer, sen., to sir Ralph of Byngham, vicar of the church of St Peter, Leycester, and to Nicholas Marschal of Leycester, of a messuage in Leycester, situate in the parish of St Peter, in a lane called le Dedelane, between the messuage sometime of John Russell and the tenement of John of Knyghton, and extending in length from the said lane to another called Seyntpeterlane. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John of Stafford, mayor; John Chapman Richard of Braunston, bailiffs; Robert of Skylynton, Roger of Belgrave, Thomas Bailly, Gregory of Brystowe, flesshewer. Seal. Endorsed in late hand: Charta Roberti Hornynglowe fact. Radulpho de Byngham vic. ecclesie sancti Petri et Nicholao Marshal. 
320 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 552. 1382. 28 June. Collegiate church of St Mary next the Castle of Leycester. Letters patent of the official of the archdeacon of Leycestre, reciting letters, bearing the same date, addressed by William of Kereby', abbot of the monastery of blessed Mary of the meadows of Leycester, to the said official and to brother William of Barkeby, the said abbot's fellow-canon. The said letters contain that, wherea the said abbot has collated to Simon Bache, clerk, the deaner of the said collegiate church, commonly called the office osacrist, and the prebend entitled A annexed to the same they being void by the death of master John of Hemyngburgh the last dean or sacrist and prebendary, and belonging fully to the collation of the said abbot. and whereas he has invested the said Simon by the delivery to him of his cap (birreti), and has inatituted him canonically therein, he gives commission to the said official and the said brother William jointly or severally, to induct the said Simon or his procto into corporal possession of the same deanery, etc., and to assign him the stall in quire and place in chapter competen to the same, expressly charging and bidding the canons and lay servanta (conuersi) of the same collegiate church to do obedience to the same Simon, and obey and hearken to him according to the ancient customs and observances of the same church. The official certifies the said abbot that he hainducted the said Simon and otherwise executed the tenoof the said letters, leaving the said Simon really in peacefu possession of the said deanery, etc., without gainsaying o hindrance of anyone. 553. 1383, 26 March (Thursday in Easter weck, 6 Rich. II.) Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by Thomas Houton, heir of John Honecote,' to sir Thomas Stretton, rector of the church of Twyford. Henry Clypston of Leycestre. Willian Humberston and William del Grene, both of the same. o all his right in all the lands, etc., which were sometime o John of Honecote, and which William del Grene of Leycestre now holds in the town and suburb of Leycestre and in the fields of Brounkyngesthorp. on a u u  d Se Mary 
LEICESTER Witnesses: Richard Knyghton, mayor; Andrew Glasier Thomas Wakfeld, bailiffe; Henry Beby; William Danet of Leycestre; Thomas Kyrkeby. John Knyghton. of Brounkyngesthorp. Seal. Endoraed in late hand: Relaxatio Thomae Honton Willelmo Grene de terr. que fuerunt Johannis Huncote. 554. 1383, 13 Dec. [Sunday, St Lucy the virgin, 7 Richard III. Leycestre. Release by Thomas Walche, kt.', to William del Grene of Leycestre, of all actions of debt, account, waste, gorenant, or trespans Endorsed : Relaxatio Tho: Walshe Willo Grene de omnibus accionibus. 555. 1386, 4 April (St Ambrose, bishop and confessor 9 Richard II). Brunkyngthorp. Grant by William del Grene to John of Bagworth, chaplain. and Richard del Grene, of all the lands, meadows, etc., which the said William lately had in the fields of Brunkyngthorp of the gift and feoffment of John of Stretton, parson of the church of Thwyford, witl the reversion of the dower which Margaret, the wife os Thomas of Kyrkeby of Brunkyngthorp, holds for the term os her lise. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Danet, Thomas of Kyrkeby, William Merser. John of Kynghton (sic), William Lambe. Seal. Endorsed (late hand): Feoff. Willmi Grene de Terris in Bronkyngesthorpe quas Johes Stretton dedit eidem Willmo. 556. 1386, 22 June, Leycestre. Be it known unto all men by these presents that, the account of the executors of the testament of William on the Grene of Leycestre, deceased having been audited in the presence of us, Stephen of Syresham, sequestrator and commissary general of the venerable father air John, by the grace of God bishop of Lincoln.' in the archdeaconry of Leycestre, because, afte reckonings made and all lawful allowances allowed, we have No. 545. *Cf. No. 553. JJohn Buckingham, bishop of Lincoln 

322 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS found that the said executors have made faithful
administra. tion in
the goods of the deceased, we have absolutely set them free from further rendering of account,
saving the
right of any person whatsoever. Seal of office (broken): simple queue. 557. 1386-7, 3 March.
Leycestre. Release
and quitclaim by Thomas Mulner to Richard Grene, John Bagworth, John Grene, and Thomas
Horneby, of all
manner of actions, real and personal, from the beginning of the world to the date of these
presents. Seal.
Endorsed in late hand: Relaxatio Thomae Mulner Ricardo Grene Johanni Grene & aliis de
omnibus accionibus,
558. Same date [10 Rich. II.] Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by Fulk of Penbrugg, kt., John of
Grendon, and
John of Wolaston, to William Grene, Richard Grene, John Bagworth. chaplain, John Grene, and
Thomas of
Horneby, executors of the said William, of all manner of actions, etc., as in the preceding. Three
seals.
Endorsed in late hand: Relaxat' fulconis de penbrugg et aliorum Willmo Grene et Rico Grene
omnium accionum
559. 1391, 30 March (Thursday in Easter week, 14 Rich. II. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by
Reynold of
Cosynton, of Derby, goldsmyth, to Richard of Thurluston, of Leycestre, draper, of a piece of land
in Leycestre,
lying in the parish of St Mary of the castle, Leycestre, which the said Reynold had of the gift and
feoffment of
Thomas Blaunchard of Leycestre, for the term of the life of the same Thomas. To hold of the
chief lords, etc.,
for the whole life of the said Thomas. Warranty. Witnesses : Geoffrey Clerk, mayor; William of
Bispeham.
bailiff; William of Humberston, Richard of Knyghton, John Chapman. Seal. Endorsed in late
hand : Charta
Reginaldi de Cossington fact. Ricardo de Thurlaston de petia terr. in parochia sancte Marie Leic. 
LEICESTER 560. 1391, 4 April [St Ambrose, 14 Rich. II.] Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by
Nicholas Marschal
of Leycestre to Robert Hornynglowe of Leycestre, flesshewer, of a messuage in Leycester, situate
in the parish
of St Peter, in Ø lane called le Dedelane, between the messuage sometime of John Russel and the
tenement of
John Knyghton, and extending in length from the said lane to another called Seyntpeterlane, the
which
messuage the said Nicholas had of the gift and feoffment of Robert Hornynglowe the elder To
hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Geoffrey Clerk, mayor; William Byspham, bailiff; John
Colchestre, John Cook,
Andrew Glasier, John Northerne. Edward Smyth, Roger Leyk, of Leycestre. Seal. Endorsed in
late hand : Charta
Nicholai Marshal fact. Robeito Hornylowe de vno mess. in Deadlane. 561. 1391, 23 Dec. [Sat.
after St Thomas
the apostle, 15 Rich. II.] Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Margaret, sometime the wife of
Robert
Wylughby of Leycestre, to Richard Thurleston, draper, of Leycestre, of a tenement in the high
street of
Leycestre, situate between the tenement of John del Grene on N. and the shop of the said
Margaret on S., and
extending from the king s way to the land of John del Grene, and in breadth from the land of the
said John,
between the land of the said John and the tenement of Amice of Sytheston,' to the lane called Frer
lane. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Geoffrey Clerk, mayor; William Byspham,
bailiff; Roger
Belgraue, Richard Knyghton, Thomas Wakfeld, John London, Richard Martyn, Robert
Skylyngton, of Leycestre.
Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Marg. quondam vxor. Roberti Wylloughby fact. Roberto
(sic) Thurlston de
vno tenemento in alta strata. 562. 1392, 23 Sept. [Monday after St Matthew, 16 Rich. II.]
Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation by Henry Ledbeter. John Launder, John Bonyfaunt, John Pouterell, and William
See No. 551.
"Syston. 
324 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS of Nailston, smyth, of Leycestre, to William
Athelard, walker, of
Leycestre, of 1200 feet of land, lying in le Long croftes, between the land of Nicholas del Yld on
E. and that of
Henry Canterell on W., and abutting at the N. head upon Barkbilane, and at the S. head upon the
common
path. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: Geoffrey Clerk, mayor; William Bispham,
bailiff; William of
Meerton, Richard of Thryngeston, William Bifeld. dexter', of Leycester. Four seals : one seal
gone. Endorsed in
late hand: Charta Henrici Ledbeter & aliorum fact. Willelmo Athelard duodec. cent. pedum terr.
in Longeroft.
563. 1395, 31 May (Monday in Whitsuntide, 18 Rich. II.) Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by
Richard del
Grene, brother of William del Grene, of Leycestre, to Simon Bache, clerk', and William Freman,
of Leycestre, of
all lands, etc. in the town and suburbs of Leycestre, and in Brountyngethorp and in Aston
Flamville.* To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Henry Beby, mayor; William Byspham, bailiff; Henry
Clypeston,
Thomas Wakefeld, John London, Roger Humberston, Thomas Horneby. Seal. 564. 1395-6, 7
Feb. Leycester.
Letters patent of the official of the archdeacon of Leycestre, after audit of the final e' of
Leycestre, absolving
account of Richard S. the executors of the said Richard from any further rendering of account,
saving the right
of any person whomsoever. Seal. 565. 1396, 28 Aug. [Monday, eve oj the Decollation of St John
Baptist, 20
Rich. II.) Grant and confirmation by Richard Thurleston, draper, of Leycestre," to sir William
atte More, vicar of
the church of St Martin, Leycestre, William Humberston, Roger Humberston, John Monk and
John Bonifaunt,
all of Leycestre, of all his lands and tenements in the town 1.e. dyer. Cf. No. 552. *See Nos. 543,
549. *Name
illegible, possibly Sendale (cf. No. 525). "See Nos. 559, 561. 
LEICESTER and county of Leycestre. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses:
Thomas Lityghes,
mayor; William Byspham, bailiff; Richard Knyghton, Thomas Wakfeld, John London, of
Leycestre. Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Ricardi Thurleston fact. domino W. atte More, W. Humberston.
Rogero
Humberston, Johanni Monke & Johanni Bonifaunt omnium terr. & ten. in vill. & com. Leic. 566.
1398-9, 18
March (Tuesday before Palm Sunday, 22 Rich. II.] Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by John
Warwyk and Walter
Wyntere to William Byspham, of all manner of actions personal and real. Seal (broken).
Endorsed: Relaxatio
Johannis Warwyck et Walteri Wynter omnium accionum Willelmo Byspham. 567. 1399. 19
April (Sat. after St
Tiburtius & St Valerian, 22 Rich. II.) Leycester. Release and quitclaim by William Clyppeston to
Richard
Carpenter of Leycestre, of all his right in a message situate in the parish of St Martin, Leycestre,
in the high
street, between the tenement of Robert Skyllyngton and a lane which leads from the said street
towards the
Saturday market, next the wall of the friars minor. Witnesses: Roger Humburston, mayor;
William Byspham,
bailiff; Richard Knyghton, Thomas of the lyes, Thomas Wakefelde, Roger Dyuette, John Prentys.
Seal gone.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta relaxacionis Willelmi Clyppeston facta Richardo Carpenter de
messuag. in alta
strata. 568. 1399, 5 Sept. [Friday before Natio. B.M., 23 Rich. II.] Leycester. Grant and
confirmation by Richard
of Braunston, of Leycestre, to dan John of Neuton, canon of Repdon, cellarer of Calk', to sir
Richard, master of
the hospital of St Leonard, Leycestre, and to Thomas del Hall, lhe priory of Calke, co. Derby,
between Repton
and Melbourne, was a cell of Repton priory. 
 326 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS of Leycestre, of all his tenements in the town of
Leycestre To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Roger Humburston, mayor; William Bispham, bailiff;
Richard of
Knyghton, John Chirches, Peter Clerk, John Sporiar, of Leycestre. Fragment of seal. Endorsed in
late hand :
Charta Ricardi de Braunston domino Johanni Newton canon. domino Ricardo magistro Hospit.
sancti Leonerdi
Leic. & Thome de Hall de Leic. omn. tenement, suorum in villa Leicestr. 569. 1402-3 [4 Hen.
IV), 8 March.
Leycestre. Grant by Robert Skylyngton of Leicester to Simon Bache, clerk', William Dekene,
chaplain, Richard
Gampston and Roger Humbreston, of remainder, after the decease of Joan, the grantor's wife, of
a tenement
and six cottages severally situate in Leycestre, which the said Robert and Joan hold, with
remainder to the
heirs and assigns of Robert, of the grant and feoffment of William atte More, vicar of the church
of St Martin.
Leycestre, John Monk and John Bonyfaunt'. The which tenement is situate between the
tenements of William,
sometime the son of Richard del Grene, on N., and the shop late of Margaret, sometime the wife
of Robert
Wylughby of Leycester, on S., and extends from the king s way to the land of the said William
del Grene, and in
breadth between the land of the said William and the tenements sometime of William of
Clyppeston to the
lane called Frerelane'. And one cottage is situate in le Dedlane, between the tenements sometime
of John
Derley, sporiour, on E., and the tenements of William Braybrok on W., and extends from the
king's way to the
garden of Roger Wryth of Thurleston. And two cottages lie in le Dedlane, between the tenements
of William
Braybrok on E. and the tenements of Roger Wryth of Thurleston on W., and extend from the king
s way to the
land of the said Roger Wryth. And two cottages lie in Sorelane between the garden of the new
college of
Newark, which now William Draycote holds, on E., and the tenement of the college of St Mary
by the castle of
Leycestre on W., and extend from the king's way to the garden of Richard of Gampston. And one
cottage lies in
the said lane called Sorelane, between the tenements of the said college of St See Nos. 552, 563.
*Cf. No. 565.
*Cf. No. 561. 
LEICESTER Mary by the castle on E. and those of Roger Wryght of Thurleston on W., and
extends from the
king's way to the land of the said Richard of Gampston on S. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: John London, mayor; William Bispham. bailiff; John Norman, William Malteby,
John Barbour,
William Goldsmyth, Henry Derby. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Concess. reuertionis vnius mess.
& sex cotag. in
vill. & suburb. Leic. fact. per Ro. Skyllington Simoni Bache clerico W. Deaken Ric. Gampson &
Rogero
Humberston. 570. 1403, 25 March [Annunciation of B.M., 4 Hen. IV. Leycestre. Indenture
testifying that,
whereas William atte More, vicar of the church of St Martin, Leycestre, John Munk and John
Bonyfaunte, of
Leycestre, held two cottages lying together in le Dedelane within the town of Leycestre, of
William Danett, by
the service of 2s. 6d. a year, the which cottages were sometime of Richard Thurleston, draper;
and whereas
the said William, John and John gave the said cottages to sir William of Almanbury and sir
William Repyngton',
clerks, to hold of the chief lords, etc.; the said William Danett has granted and confirmed the said
cottages to
the said clerks, to hold of the said William Danett and his heirs by the services therefrom due and
of old time
accustomed, for ever. Witnesses: John London, mayor; William Byspham, bailiff; Richard
Fauconer, John
Hoghton. Seal. Endorsed in late hand: Confirmat. per W. Danet fact. W. Almanbury & W.
Repyngton de duobus
cotag. in Dead lane. 571. 1404, 26 April [Sat. after St Mark, 5 Hen. IV.) Leycester. Grant and
confirmation by
Richard Chaloner of Leycester to Thomas Shyngull, chaplain, of Tuttebery, and William
Bacheler, chaplain, of
Leycester, of a piece of land, Canon of the Newarke college and prebendary of the fourth prebend
1399-1421.
*Canon of the Newarke college and prebendary of the thirteenth prebend 1406-1435. At this date
he was a
canon of the royal chapel of Bridgnorth and rector of Balsham, Cambe. 
328 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS lying in the parish of St Peter, Leycester,
between the land of Thomas
Mawndeuyll on E and that of the said Richard on W., and extending from the land sometime of
John Wragby
on N. to the land of the said (sic) John London on S., and containing in length 284 king's rods of
land, and in
breadth 54 king s rods of land. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John
Chyrche, mayor;
Thomas Denton, Ralph Brasyer, bailiffs; Roger Humberston, Ralph Chapman, Antony of
Knyghton. Seal.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta Ricardi Chaloner facta Thomae Shyngull & Willelmo Bachelor
capellanis de pecia
terr. longit. 28 virgat. & di. terr. in parochia sancti Petri Leic. 572. 1404 (5 Hen. IVI, 3 July,
Leycester. Grant and
confirmation by Ellen Clipston of Leycestre, daughter and heir of John Louseby of the same, to
William Dekyn.
chaplain, John Clypston, and Roger Spycer, of Leycester, of three messuages lying in the parish
of St Martin,
Leycester; whereof two lie in le Genteslane, between the tenement of Richaid Chaloner on N. and
that of
Thomas Walgraue on S., and extend from the king's way to the land of John Loueday and
William Dekyn,
chaplain; and the other lies in le Kanke, between the tenement of John Clypston on W. and that
of Thomas
Wakefeld on E., and extends from the king's way to the land which Thomas Walgraue holds. To
hold of the
chief lords, etc. Witnesses: John Chirche, mayor; Ralph Humburston and Thomas Denton,
bailiffs; Thomas
Wallegraue, Richard Marteyn, Henry Redefyl. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Helene
Clypston fact. W.
Dekyn Johanni Clypston & Rogero Spycer de duobus mess. en le Genteslane & vno mess. en le
Cank. 573. 1406
[8 Hen. IV), 14 Oct. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Robert Ansty of Leycestre and
William Wynley to
John Seman of Leycestre, corueyser, Peter Cook, and William Outhorp, of the same, corriour, of
a messuage in 
LEICESTER Leycestre, situate in the parish of St Peter, in a lane called Dedelane, between the
messuage
sometime of John Russell on W., and the tenement sometime of John of Knyghton on E., and
extending in
length from the said lane to another lane called Seyntpetrelane'; the which messuage Robert
Hornylowe of
Leycester sometime gave and granted, together with other tenements in Leycester, to the said
grantors by his
deed. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the said John. Peter and William, and to the heirs and
assigns of the
said John Seman. Witnesses: Ralph Humbreston, mayor; John Clippeston, John Ernesby, bailiffs;
John Tonge,
William Freman, Thomas Seburgh, John Baxster, sen., of Leycester. Two seals. Endorsed in late
hand: Charta
Roberti Ansty & W. Winley de vno mess. in Deadlane fact. Johanni Seyman Petro Cook & W.
Outhorpe. 574.
1406 [8 Hen. IV), 16 Oct. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation, with release and quitclaim by
Alice, late the wife
of Robert of Hornylowe, of Leycestre, in her pure widowhood, to John Seman of Leycestre,
corueyser, Peter
Cook, and William Outhorp of the same, corrour, and to the heirs and assigns of the said John, of
all her estate
and right, by reason of dower or by any other title, in a messuage in Leycestre, situate in the
parish of St Peter
in a lane called Dedlane, between the messuage sometime of John Russell on W., and the
tenement sometime
of John of Knyghton on E., and extending from the said lane to another lane called
Seintpetrelane. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Ralph Humbreston, mayor; John Clyppeston, John
Ernesby, bailiffs;
John Loueday, John Tonge, William Freman, Peter Cook, of Leycester. Seal gone. Endorsed in
late hand : Alicie
nuper vx. Roberti Hornylowe charta relaxac. fact. Jo. Seman Pet. Cooke & W. Outhorpe de mess.
in Deadlane.
575. 1406-7 18 Hen. IV), 4 Jan. Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by Andrew Glasier of Leycestre
and Margaret
his See Nos. 551, 560. 
330 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS wife, to John Seman of L.eycestre, corueyser,
Peter Cook of the
same, and William Outhorp of the same, le corriour, and to the heirs and assigns of the said John,
of all their
right in a messuage in Leycestre, in the parish of St Peter, in a lane called Dedlane, by reason of
the dower
falling to the said Margaret after the death of Robert Hornylow, sen., sometime the said
Margaret's husband.
Also of all their right in 13s. 4d. yearly rent, which were given and assigned to the said Margaret
by the said
Robert, sometime her husband, for the term of her life, to be paid out of the said messuage, The
which
messuage is situate between the messuage sometime of John Russell on W. and the tenement
sometime of
John of Knighton, and extends in length from the aforenamed lane to a lane called
Seyntpetrelane. Witnesses:
Ralph Humbreston, mayor; John Clippeston, John Ernesby, bailiffs; John Baxster, sen.; Roger of
Lyek Seal gone.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta relaxac. Andree Glasyen & vxor. eius fact. Johanni Seyman Petro
Cooke & W.
Outhorpe de vno mess. in Deadlane. 576. 1406-7 [8 Hen. IV), 16 Jan. Leycester. Grant and
confirmation by
William Wynley to Ralph Humbreston, mayor of Leicester, William Segraue, chaplain, and John
Hornyngwold,
clerk, of a plot of land in the parish of St Peter. Leycestre, which was sometime called le
Oldgildehallcroft, and
lies between the land sometime of Walter of Lyndrych on either side, and extends from the land
of the abbot
of Leycestre to the street which leads to Torchemer To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John
Clippeston, John Ernesby, bailiffs; John Tonge, Roger Goldsmyth, William Maleyn, of
Leycestre. Seal. Endorsed
in late hand : Charta Willelmi Wynley fact. Radulpho Humberston & aliis de placea terrae vocat.
Oldgildhall
Croft in parochia sancti Petri. 577. 1407 18 Hen. IV) 27 May. Leycestre. Grant. demise and
confirmation by
Ralph Humbreston, mayor of the town of Leycestre, William Segraue, chaplain, and John
Hornyngwold. clerk,
to William Pexhull of Leycestre, le 
LEICESTER Flescher, and Agnes his wife, of a plot of land in Leycestre, lying in the parish of St
Peter; the which
plot was formerly called le Oldgildhallcroft, and lies between two little lanes next the land
sometime of Walter
of Lyndrych on either side of the said two lanes and extends from the land of the abbot of
Leycestre to the
street which leads towards Torchemer. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: John
Clippeston, John
Ernesby, bailiffs; John Tonge. Roger Leek, William Maleyn, Nicholas Blakwyn, Roger Spicer,
William Chaundeler,
of Leycestre. Three seals. Endorsed in late hand: Charta Radulphi Humberston, Willelmi Segraue
& Johannis
Hornynghold facta Willelmo Pexhull de pecia terr. voc. Oldgildhall Crofte. 578. 1408 [9 Hen.
IVI, 4 June.
(Leycester. Letters of attorney of John Clypston of Leycestre, empowering Roger Spicer of the
same to deliver
seisin to William Dekyn and William Segraue, chaplains, of a messuage lying in the swine
market, between the
tenement of Thomas Maundeuyle on W. and that of the grantor on E., and extending from the pig
market to le
Schepesmarket; and of a garden lying between the land of Roger Dyuet on N. and a lane called le
Cowlane on
S.; and of two cottages in le Schepesmarket, between the land of Roger Dyuet on W. and the
grantor's
tenement on E. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Litt. Attornat. Johannis Clypson ad deliberand.
seisinam W.
Deakyn et W. Seygrave de messuag. in foro porcorum. 579. 1408 [9 Hen. IV), 13 July. Leycester.
Grant and
confirmation by William Dekyn, chaplain, and John Flekeney of Leycestre, to Richard
Kyrkedowne, chaplain, of
a cottage in le Kanke, lying between the tenement of the said Richard on E. and the garden of the
friars minor
on W., and extending to the land of the lord dukel. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses:
John Gyseley,
mayor; Thomas Walgraue, Thomas Hatter, bailiffs; John Chyrche, Henry Scheper, Richard
Chalounner, William
Grene. 'l.e. the duke of Lancaster (king Henry IV.). 


332 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Two seals Endorsed in late hand: Charta Willelmi Dekyn ‡ Johannis Fleckney Ricardo Kyrkedowne de vno cotag. jacen en le Kanke int. tenement. dicti Ricardi & ten. fratrum minorum. 580. 1409. 26 Oct. [Saturday, eve of St Symon and St Jude, II Hen. IV.] Leycester. Grant and confirmation by William Ouethorp, coruyser, of Leycester, to Thomas Kybworth. vicar of the church of St Peter. Leycester, William Nobulle and Henry Gery, of Leycestre, of a messuage ij Leycester, situate in the parish of St Peter in a lane callec Dedelane, between the messuage sometime of John Russel on W. and the tenement sometime of John of Knyghton or E., and extending in length from the aaid lane to anothe lane called Seyntpeterlane; the which messuage the saigrantor had of the gift and feoffment of Robert Ansty and William Wynleye. To hold of the chief lords, etc Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas of Lyghes, mayor; John Copyne bailiff: John Tong. William Freman, Thomas Seburgh, Roger Leke, John Baxter. Endorsed in late hand: Charta W. Outhorpe de vno mess. in Dend lane fact. Tho. Kybworth vicar. sancti Petri Leic. W. Noble & Henrico Geary. 581. 1412 [13 Hen. IV). 13 May. Leicestre. Letten patent of Simon Bache, clerk. William Dekene, chaplain, and Roger Humbreston. Whereas William Asty of Leycestre. skynner, and Joan his wife, late the wife of Robert Skylyngton of Leycestre, have and hold a tenement and six cottages situate severally in Leycestre, for the term of life of the said Joan, with remainder after her death to the said Simon William Dekene, and Roger, by virtue of the grant of the said Robert, by his writing made thereof to the said Simon. William and Roger. and to Richard of Gampston, now deceased. Of the which the said tenement is situate between the tenements of William, sometime the son of Richard de Grene. on N., and the shop late of Margaret, sometime the See Nos. 573-575 
LEICESTER wife of Robert Wylughby of Leycestre, on S., and extendi from the king's way to the land of the said William del Grene. and in breadth between the land of the said William del Grene and the land sometime of William of Clyppeston to the lane called le Frerelane. And one cottage is situate in le Dedelane, between the tenements sometime of John Derley. mporiour. on E. and the tenements of William Braybrok on W., and extends from the king's way to the garden late oRoger Wryth of Thurleston; and two cottages lie in the sailane called le Dedelane, between the tenements of William Braybrok on E. and those late of the said Roger Wryth or W., and extend from the king's way to the land late of the said Roger Wryth; the two cottages lie in a lane called Sorelane, between the garden of the college of Leycesten which William Draycote lately held on E. and the land os the college of blessed Mary by the castle of Leycestre on W., and extend from the king s way to the garden late o Richard of Gampston; and one cottage lies in the said lane called Sorelane, between the tenements of the said college of blessed Mary by the castle of Leycester on E. and those late of the said Roger Wryth on W., and extending from the king's way to the land late of the said Richard of Gampston on S.* The said Simon, William Dekene, and Roger grant that the said tenements, which should remain to them, their heirs and assigna, shall, after the death of the said Joan remain to the said William Asty and to Thomas Kybbeworth. vicar of the church of St Peter. Leycestre, their heirs and ausigne. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: Thomas of Walgraue, mayor: John Cobyn. bailiff; John Chirche, Ralph Humbreston, Thomas Almonley, William Freman. Henry Derby, of Leycestre. Three seals. Endorsed in late hand : Concess. Reuers. post mortem Johanne vx. W. Asty de vno mess. & sex cotag. prefat. W. Asty & Tho: Kybbeworth per Simo: Bache clericum Johannem Reignoldes & Walterum Tottesden (sic). 582. 1415-6 [3 Hen. V). 30 January. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Simon Leuerich of Leycestre, son anc heir of John Leuerych of the same, deceased, to Alice Pilton of Leycestre, daughter of Richard Pilton of Okam, deceased See No. 569. 
 
334 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS of 3s. and 6d. and two hens of yearly rent in
Leycestre and in the
suburbs of the same, payable at the terms usual in Leycestre, to wit, from a messuage outside the
south gate
of Leycestre, next the tenement sometime of Agnes Gounfrey, now of the dean and chapter of the
church of
the new college of blessed Mary of Leycestre, on S., the which messuage Isabel, daughter of
Amice Wyng, and
late the wife of William Billesdon, dexter, held of late by hereditary descent, 2s. and two hens.
And from a
messuage within the said gate in the parish of St Mary of the Castle of Leycestre, next the land of
Reynold
Langham on N., which Thomas Hurley, scryvener, holds of Adam Clerk of Gomondeley, who
has and holds it by
the law of England, 18d. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Seburgh,
mayor; Henry
Foster, bailiff: Ralph Humbreston, Robert Randolf, John Howet, John Brunne, John Burton,
corveyser, John
Wyng, Robert Kesteuene, of Leycestre. Seal. A copy made temp. Hen. VIII.). 583. 1416 [4 Hen.
V). 3 April.
Leycestre. Letters of attorney of Simon Leuerych of Leycestre, empowering John Hornyngwold
of Leycestre to
deliver seisin of a plot of land in Leycestre to Alice Pylton of Leycestre, according to the form,
etc., of a charter
made by the said Simon to the said Alice. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Litt. Attor. Simo :
Leverych ad
deliberand. seisinam de vna placea terr. in Leic. Aliciae Pilton. 584. 1418, 16 Oct. [Sunday, St
Michael on the
Mount (in monte Tumba), 6 Hen. V.] Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by William Athelard,
walker, of
Leycestre to John Furnesse and Isabel his wife, of 1200 feet of land lying in Longcroftes,
between the land of
Thomas of Yle on E. and that of John Colyne on W., and abutting at the N. head upon
Barkbylane, and at the S.
head upon the common path'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. See No. 562. 
LEICESTER Witnesses : William Pace, mayor; Henry Forester, bailiff; William Draper, Richard
Sclater, John
Smyth. Fragment of seal. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Willelmi Athelard fact. lohanni Furneys
de xij cent.
pedibus terr. in Long Croft. 585. 1420, 23 May (Thursday after St Dunstan, 8 Hen. V. Leycestre.
Grant by John
Colyn of Leycestre, coruiser, and Alice his wife, to Thomas Grisby of Leycestre and Alice his
wise, of a plot of
land lying in the east suburb of Leycestre in Barkebylane, to wit in Longecroft, between the land
of lohn
Forneys on both sides, and extending from Barkebylane to the field of the bishop of Lincoln. To
hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Walgrave, mayor; Henry Forster, bailiff; master
John Ernesby,
Ralph Brasyer, William Flecher, William Smyth, William Hurley, of Leycestre. Two seals.
Endorsed: (1) Carta Joh.
Colyn de vna pecia terre in Berkby Lane. (2) in late hand: Charta lohannis Colyn & Alicie vxoris
eius facta
Thomas Grysby & Alicie vxori eius de placea terre in Longcroft. 586. 1422 (2), 9 September
[Morrow of the
Nativity of the Virgin, 10 (sic) Hen. V.] Leycester. Letters of Alice, wife of Philip Ekton of
Leycester, mercer,
appointing sir John Chacoumbe, vicar of the church of St Nicholas, Leycester, her attorney to
deliver seisin of a
half acre of arable land lying in Bruntyngkyngethorp upon le Sondhill between the land of
William Danet and
that sometime of William Byspham, and extending from the thicket (dumo) of St John to le
Northfeld, the
which she and her sometime husband, William Calangewod, had together of the gift and
feoffment of Thomas
Palmer of Franketon. Witnesses: John Wynmerdeswold, John Thurleston, Roger Merston, John
Spyllesby, Philip
Smyth, of Leycester. Broken seal. 587. 1423, 24 May [Monday after Trinity, 1 Hen. VI.)
Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation by Thomas Pany to William Chaynel of Leycestre, Thomas Lewyn and John 
 336 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Morton of the same, of two messuages in the
parish of St Martin.
Leycestre; the which lie together in le Kank, between the garden of the friars minor on W. and
the tenement
which was of Thomas Wakefeld on E., and extend from the king', way to the land which Thomas
Walgraue
holds'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Chyrche, mayor; Henry Foster,
bailiff; John
Mayel, Thomas Clerk, William Skyner, Richard Baldok. Seal. Endorsed in late hand: Charta
Tho. Panye fact. W
Chaynel Tho. Lewyn & Johanni Moreton de duobus mess. in le Canke. 423, 3 June (Thursday
after Trinity, I Hen.
VI. 588. Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by Simon Kyrkedowne of Wykyngeston, brother of
Richard
Kyrkedowne, chaplain, to William Chaynel, Thomas Lewyn and John Morton ol Leycestre, of all
his right in two
messuages lying in the parish of St Martin, Leycestre, in le Cank, between the garden of the friars
minor on W.
and the tenement which was of Thomas Wakefeld on E., and extending from the king's way to
the land which
Thomas Walgraue holds. Fragment of seal. Endorsed in late hand: Relaxatio Simo. Kyrkdowne
fratris Ricardi
Kyrkdowne capell. fact. Willelmo Chaynel, Tho. Lewyn & Johanni Moreton de duobus mess. en
le Canke. 589.
1424 [2 Hen. VI), 6 Aug. Bruntyngthorp. Grant and confimation by William Freman of Leycestre
to Thomas
Grene, son of William Grene of Southkilworth, of all the lands, tenements, etc., in Leycestre and
Bruntyngthorp
by Leycestre, which Simon Bache, clerk, now deceased, and the said grantor lately had together
among other
lands and tenements. etc., in Walton next Kylmyncote, Northkilworth, Southkilworth and
Stormesworth, of the
gift and grant of the said William Grene, son and heir of Richard Grene, deceased.* To hold of
the chief lords,
etc., to the said Thomas and the heirs of his body lawfully procreate, with 1Cf. No. 572, which
appears to refer
to one of these messuages. For the other, see No. 579. *See No. 572. ØSee No. 563; the grant was
made by
Richard Grene. 
LEICESTER auccessive remainders to William Grene his brother, Elizabeth their sister, and the
heirs of the body
of either lawfully procreate, and Amice the sister of the said William Grene, the father of the said
Thomas,
William and Elizabeth, and her heirs and assigns. Witnesses : Henry Foster, mayor; Henry
Walter, Richard
Baldok, bailiffs; Henry Derby, William Skynner, Robert Lambert, John Hornyngwold. John
Kegworth, John
Thurleston, of Leicester; Roger Norton, Roger Saunsom, of Bruntyngthorp. Seal with shield of
arms. Endorsed
in late hand : Factum talliat. per Freman vnum feoffatorum Willelmi Grene de terris in Leic. et
Bronkyngesthorpe Thomae Grene et aliis filiis Willelmi Grene. 590. 1424-5, 20 Jan. (Sat. after St
Hilary, 3 Hen.
VI.) Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Grene of Southkyleworth to John Haliok of
Cuntesthorp',
and Thomas Freman of South Kylleworth, of a messuage in the parish of St Maitin of Leycestre,
situate
between the tenement of William Skynner on S., and that of John Blanchard on N. To hold of the
chief lords,
etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Henry Derby, mayor; John Pykewell, John Reynold, bailiffs; John
Belgraue, William
Pacy, of Leycestre. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Feoff. Thomae Grene Freman et aliis de
tenemento in paroch.
sancti Martini Leic. 591. 1424-5, 21 Jan. [Sunday after St Fabian and St Sebastian, 3 Hen. VI.]
Cuntesthorp.
Grant and confirmation by John Haliok of Cuntesthorp and Thomas Freman of South Kyleworth
to Thomas
Grene of Southkyleworth and Agnes his wife, of a messuage situate between the tenement of
William Skynner
of Leycestre and that wherein John Blanchard dwells, and abutting at one end upon the high
street; the which
messuage the said grantor had of the gift and feoffment of the said Thomas Grene. To hold to the
said Thomas
Grene and Agnes and to the heirs of their bodies lawfully begotten, with remainder, if the said
Thomas Grene
die without such heirs, to his right heirs. Countesthorpe 

338 CHARTERS AND IENTS Witnesses: Henry Rygeley, Hugh Bayly, John Atkyn, John Kynge. William Howdeyn, of Cuntesthorp. Seal. 592. (1426-7), 21 Feb. (Feast of St Hilary the pope (sic) 5 Hen. VI.)) Leycí. Covenant sindented) of conveyance. grant and demise by Roger Norton of Leycestre to Thomas Egynton of the same. of a plot of land in the eastern suburb of Leycestre, lying in Longeroftes, between the land of John Norton and that of Thomas le Ysle, and extending from Barkbylane to the bishop a land. To hold from Michaelmas, 5 Hen. VI., for ten years next following, for a yearly rent of 2s. 4d., with re-entry to grantor in case of arrears. Warranty. Witnesses: John Pyckwell, mayor; William Skynner, William Wymsolde, bailiffa; Richard Sclater, William Clerke, Fyscher (sic), William Draper. Seals gone Endoraed in late hand: Indentura Rogeri Norton facta Thomae Eginton de vna placea terrae in Longcrofte. 593. [1426-7). 22 March (Sat. bejore the Annunciation, (5) Hen. VI.) Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Ralph Brasier of Leycestre to William Braybrok and Margaret his wife, of the same, of a cottage in Leycestre, situate in le Dedlane between the tenement sometime of Geoffrey Draper on E. and that of William Skynner on W.; the which the said Ralph had of the gift and feoffment of Nicholas Hendeman. To hold of the chief lorda, etc. Witnesses: John Pykwell, mayor: William Skynner. William Wymondwold, bailiffs; John Chyrche, Thomas Walgraue. Seal. Endorsed in late hand: Charta Radulphi Brasyer de vno tenemento in Dead Lane. 594. 1428, 12 June (Saturday after St Barnabas the apostle, 6 Hen. VI.]. Leycestre. Grant by William Chaynel of Leycestre. Thomas Lewyn and John Morton, to Henry Walter of Leycestre and William Burton of Louthborugh. of two messuages in the parish of the church of St Martin. 
LEICESTER Leycester, lying together in le Cank, between the garden of the friars minor on W., and the tenement which was of Thomas Wakefeld on W., and extending from the king's way as far as the land which Thomas Walgraue holds.' To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Ulimeases: Milliam Saynner. mayor, Phomas Ulypyngon and Adam Racy, bailiffs; Thomas Clerk. William Peyton. Three seals. Endorsed in late hand : Charta W. Chaynel Tho: Lewyn & Johannis Morton facta Henr. Walter & W. Burton de duobus mess. in le Cank. 595. 1428. 28 July [Wednesday ajter St James the apostle, 6 Hen. VI.] Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Henry Walter of Leycester and William Burtun of Louthbourgh, to William Chaynel of Leycestre and Amy his wife, late the wife of Robert Payle of Cayham.í of two messuages lying together in le Cank, in the parish of St Martin, Leycestre, between the garden of the friars minor on W. and the tenement sometime of Thomas Wakefeld on E., and extending from the king's way to the land which Thomas Walgraue holds; the which the said grantors had of the gift and feoffment of the said William Chaynel. Thomas Lewyn and John Morton of Leycestre. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Asty, mayor; Thomas Wytyngtun. Adam Racy, bailiffs; John Chyrche, Thomas Clerk. William Peyton. Two seals. Endoraed in late hand: Charta Henrici Walteri et Willelmi Burton fact. W. Chaynel et Agnet. (sic) vx. eius duorum mess. en le Cank. 596. 1428. 28 Sept. (Tuesday, eve oj St Michael, 6 (rectius 7) Henry VI.) Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by John Fourenes. draper, of Leycestre, to William Webster. of 1200 feet of land lying in Longecroftes between the land of Thomus of Yle on E. and that sometime of John Colyne on W. and abutting at the N. head upon Barkebylane and at the S. head upon the common path.* To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. See Nos. 372, 588. íKeyham. "See Nos. 562, 584. 

340 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: William Pacy, mayor; John
Lughtborough, John Hosyere,
bailiffs; William Burton, William Draper. Robert Ropere. Fragment of seal. Endorsed in late
hand : Charta
Johannis Furnesse fact, Willelmo Webster de xij cent. pedibus terr. in Longcroft. 597. 1428 17
Hen. VI), 4
November. Leycester. Grant and confirmation by William Asty of Leycester to Thomas Assheby
of Lowesby the
elder, John Cherch, Thomas Assheby the younger and Thomas Waldegraue, of all his goods and
chattels,
movable and immovable, with their profits and emoluments. To hold to the said Thomas, John,
Thomas and
Thomas, without any claim of the said William or his executors, saving and reserving to him his
clothing and
riding equipment (equitatura), and things necessary for his body. Witnesses: William Pacy,
mayor of Leycestre;
John Loghtborow, John Gyles, bailiffs; Ralph Brasyer, John Wymondeswold. Seal. Endorsed :
Concess. Bonor. &
Catt. per W. Asty Tho: Asheby & aliis. 598. 1431, 1 May (St Philip and St James, 9 Hen. VI.]
Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation by John Bowher, vicar of the church of St Margaret, Leycestre, to William Clerk of
Leycestre,
fysscher, and Maud his wife, and to the heirs of the body of the said William lawfully begotten,
of a close lying
outside the east gate of Leycestre, to wit in Barkbylane, between the land of Thomas Ysle and
that of John
Colyn, and extending from Barkbylane to the land of the bishop of Lincoln; the which the said
John had of the
gift and feoffment of William Webister, late deceased.' To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses
: Thomas
Walgraue, draper, mayor; John Nyghtyngale, Thomas Bowher, bailiffs; John Benet, John
Bysschop, John Ynge.
Seal. Cf. No. 596. Webster'e charter to John Bowher is missing. 
LEICESTER Endorsed in late hand: Charta Johannis Bowher fact. Willelmo Clerk de clauso in
Barkby lane. 599.
1435. 24 June [Nativity of St John Baptist, 13 Hen. VI.J. Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by
Rose Peksyll, late
the wife of Ralph Peksyll of Leycestre, flecher, in her pure widowhood, to William Peksyll of
Leycestre, son and
heir of the said Ralph, of all her right which she has by name of dower in a cottage with a garden
annexed in
the parish of St Peter, Leycestre, situate in the street called le Dedelane, between the tenement of
the abbot
of Leycestre on S., and the lane which leads from Torchmer towards the church of St Peter on N.,
and
extending in length between two little lanes next the land of William Newby; in the which
premises she
acknowledges the said William to be peised. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: John
Raynold, mayor of
Leycestre; John Benett, in lieu of the bailiff of the same; William Newby, Thomas Hewett, John
Raynold, jun.,
William Lount, Roger Sherman. Seal gone. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Relaxat. Rosae
Pexhull vxor. nuper
Willmi Pexhull fact. Willmo filio Willmi Pexhull de vno Cotagio cum Gardino Annexo in
Deadlane. 600. 1435-6
[14 Hen. VI), 9 Feb. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Richard Randolff, otherwise called
Richard Randull, of
Leycestre, grocer, to John Charyte, clerk, John Trutale, Richard Danet, esqq., Thomas Whatton,
John Waleys.
sen., Thomas Charyte, William Wistowe and Richard Neale, of all his goods and chattels,
movable and
immovable, live or dead, in the town of Leycestre or elsewhere within the realm of England,
wheresoever they
shall be found. To hold to the same, their executors and assigns, quit of all claim, etc., of the
grantor, his
executors, or any other in his name. Witnesses: Adam Racy, mayor; Richard Manfeld. bailiff;
Thomas
Waldegraue, William Grantham, Richard Chaundeler, grocer, Thomas Dalton, sen., William
Innocent of
Leycestre. Seal. Ci. No. 577. 
342 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 601. 1437-8 [16 Hen. VI.], 21 March.
Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation by Elizabeth, who was the wife of John Cambrigge of Leycestre, to William
Innocent of Leycestre
John Glen, vicar of the church of St Peter, Leycestre, and Adam Racy of the same, of two
cottages with the
gardens adjoining, situate in the lane called le Dedlane of Leycestre, between the tenement of
master l'homas
Scales on W. and that of William Asty on E. Also of a garden lying behind and contiguous to the
gardens of the
said cottages, extending to the lane called Petrelane, between the garden of master Thomas
Scales and that of
the said Elizabeth. The which premises the said Elizabeth, together with the said John Cambrigge
her husband,
had among other lands and tenements of the gift and feoffment of William Almanbury and
William Repyngton,
clerks.* To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Asty, mayor; Richard
Danet, master
Thomas Scales, William Owethorp, Thomas Skyllyngton, o Leycestre. Seal. Endorsed in late
hand : Charta
Elizabeth. vxor. Johannis Cambrydg facta W. Innocent. J. Glen & Adae Racy de duobus cottag.
in Deadlane. 602.
1438, 30 Sept. [Morrow of St Michael, 17 Hen. VI. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by
Thomas Clerk of
Leycestre to John Barwell, clerk, and to John Benett, Ralph Furnes, Roger Sherman and Robert
Thorpp, of
Leycestre, of two messuages lying together in the Saturday market of Leycestre, situate between
the
messuage late of Henry Forster on E. and the tenement late of Ralph Humberston on W.; of three
messuages
lying together in le Kanke, situate between the messuage of Richard Barton, wefer,' on E., and
that late of
William Cowper on W.; and of a messuage in Belgrauegate, situate between the land of the new
college of St
Mary of Leycestre on E. and that of the abbot of Sulby on W., and extending from the king's way
to
Plowmanlane. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Coventre, mayor; John
Nores, bailiff;
John Church. Thomas Waldgraue, Thomas Charyte. Seal. See No. 570. The charter referred to
here is missing.
Weaver. 
LEICESTER 343 Endorsed in late hand : Charta Thomae Clarke facta W. Barwel et alijs de sex
messuag. in foro
sabbati le Cank & Belgravegate. 603. 1439 [18 Hen. VI.], 15 Dec. Leycestre. Grant by Alice,
who was the wife of
Thomas Grysby, late of Leycestre, in her pure widowhood and lawful power, to Richard Barlowe
of Leycestre,
draper, and lsabel his wife, of a plot of land lying in Longcroftes in the east suburb of Leycestre,
between the
lands late of John Furneys on both sides, and extending from Barkebylane to the field of the
bishop of Lincoln,
which the said Alice, together with the said Thomas, lately had of the gift and feoffment of John
Colyn, late of
Leycestre, corvyser, and Alice his wife'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses:
John Reynold the
elder, mayor; Thomas Hewet, John Benet, deputies of John Nores, bailiff; William Braunston,
Thomas Dere,
John Whyttowe, William Maydewell, of Leycestre. Seal. Endorsed : Charta Aliciae que fuit vxor
Thomae Grysby
facta Ricardo Barlowe & Isabelle vxori eius in Longcroft. 604. 1441 (19 Henry VI.), 17 August.
Groby. Release
and quit-claim by John Stanton of Thorneton, co. Leyc., to William Barton of Leycester, of all
personal actions.
Seal (simple queue). 605. 1441-2 [20 Hen. VI.], 1 March. Leycester. Grant by William
Sadyngton, abbot of the
monastery of St Mary of the Meadows, Leycester,* and John Assheby, to Richard Barlowe and
Isabel his wife,
of a furlong (quartrona) of land, which lies between the land late in the tenure of John Colyn on
E., and that
late of Richard Thorne on W., and extending from the street called Barkeby lane to the land of
the bishop of
Lincoln;' the which the grantors had jointly, together with Richard Hastynges, knight, now
deceased, of the gift
and feoffment of John Furneys of Leycester. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses:
Thomas
Charite, mayor; John Reynold the younger, deputy of Richard Hotoft, bailiff of the liberty of See
No. 585.
*Abbot 1420-1442. ØCf. No. 535. 

344 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS the town of Leycester; John Wymondeswold, William Braundeston, Thomas Deer. Seals gone. Endorsed: Charta Willelmi Sadyngton Abbatis Leic' & lohannis Ashby facta Ricardo Barlowe & Isabelle vxori sue de pecia terre inter Barkbylane & feodum Episcopi Lincoln' 606. 1443-4 (22 Hen. VI.], 17 March. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by William Clerk of Leycestre. fyssher, te Ralph Fyssher, otherwise called Ralph Furnes of Leycestre, draper, and John Moreton of the same. irmonger, of a close lying in Barkebylane in le Longcroftes, in the eastern suburb of the town of Leycestre, between the land of Thomas Ysle and that late of John Colyn. and extending from Barkebylane aforesaid to the land of the bishop of Lincoln, and containing 1200 feet by standard; the which the said William, together with Maud his wife, now deceased, lately had of the gift and feoffment of John Bower, late vicar of the church of S. Margaret. Leycestre'. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the said Ralph and John, and to the heirs and assigne of Ralph. Warranty. Witnesses: William Grantham. mayor; William Braunston. Alexander Vyllers, deputies of Richard Hotoft and Thomas Meryng. esqq., bailiffs: William Hexham. John Whittowe. smyth, William Maydewell, John Saunson, smyth. of Leycestre. Seal. Endorsed in late hand: Charta Willelmi Clerk fact. Radulpho Fisher alias dicto Radulpho Furness de clauso in Barkby lane. 607. 1444-5 [23 Hen. VI.]. 13 Jan. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Ralph Fyssher, otherwise called Ralph Furnes of Leycestre, draper, and John Moreton of the same irmonger, to Richard Barlowe of Leycestre. draper, of a close lying in Barkebylane in le Longcroftes (described as in No. 606); the which the said Ralph and John had of the gift and feoffment of William Clerk of Leycestre. fyssher. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. See No. 596. 
LEICESTER Witnesses: William Neweby, mayor; William Braunston, Alexander Villers, deputies of Richard Hotoft and Thomas Meryng. esqq., bailiffa; John Benet. John Wymondeswold. Roger Crysp. John Saunson, smyth, of Leycestre. Two seals. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Radulphi Fisher alias dicti Radulphi Furness & Johannis Moreton fact. Ricardo Barlowe de clauso in Barkbylane. 608. 1445 (24 Hen. VI.]. 4 Nov. Leycestre. Delivery and confirmation by Thomas Kybworth. late vicar of the church of St Peter. Leycestre, now rector of the church of Reresby. to Margaret who was the wife of Thomas Scales, late of Leycestre. of a messuage situate in a lane called le Dedlane in the parish of St Peter. Leycestre, between the tenement late of John Russell, and afterwards of William Outhorpp. coruyser. on W., and that late of John of Knyghton. now of William Innocent, on E., and extending in length from the said lane to the lane called Seyntpeturlane; the which the said grantor, together with William Nobull and Henry Gery of Leycestre, now deceased, had of the gift and feoffment of the said William Outhorpp. To hold to the said Margaret and her assigna for the term of her life, rendering theresrom yearly to the said grantor a red rose at Midsummer. Remainder to Simon, son of the said Margaret, his heirs and aasigno, for ever, to hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: Thomas Grene, mayor: William Braunston Alexander Villers, deputies of Richard Hotoft and Thomas Metyng. esqq., bailiffa; Adam Racy. Richard Chaundeler. grocer, Thomas Grene. draper. Thomas Skyllyngton, tayllour. of Leycestre. Seal. Endorsed in late hand: Charta Tho. Kybworth nuper vicar. sancti Petr. Leic. de vno mess. in Deadlane fact. Marg. relict. Tho. Scales. 609. 1445 [24 Hen. VIJ. 4 Nov. Leycestre. Letters of attorney of Thomas Kybworth. late vicar of the church of St Peter. Leycestre, and now rector of the church of Reresby. empowering John Glen, vicar of the said church of St Peter. See No. 580. 

346 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS to deliver seisin to Margaret who was the wife
of Thomas Scales,
late of Leicester, of a messuage situate in a lane called le Dedlane, in the parish of St Peter,
between the
tenement, late of John Russell, and afterwards of William Outhorp, coruyser, on W., and that late
of John of
Knyghton, and now of William Innocent, on E., and extending in length from the said lane to the
lane called
Seyntpeturlane. Fragment of seal. Endorsed in late hand : Litt. attorn. Tho. Kybworth fact.
Margar. Scales
Deadlane. 610. 1446 (24 Hen. VI.], 24 May. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by William Asty
of Leycestre to
Roger Fysshewyk, clerk', John Reynold, sen., and Walter Tottesden of Leycestre, of a messuage
and six cottages
severally situate in Leycestre [described as in No. 611 below). The which premises the said
William, conjointly
with Thomas Kybworth, late vicar of the church of St Peter, Leycestre, lately had of the gift and
feoffment of
Simon Bache, clerk, William Dekene, chaplain, and Roger Humberston". To hold of the chief
lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Grene, tapycer, mayor; William Braunston, Alexander Vyllers,
deputies of
Richard Hotoft and Thomas Meryng, esqq., bailiffs; William Grantham, John Gyles, John Pacy,
Robert Roulet, of
Leycestre. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Willelmi Asty senior. fact. Rogero Fysshwyke
clerico Johannis
(sic) Reignoldes sen. et Walteri (sic) Tottesden de vno mess. et sex Cotagiis in Leic. 611. 1446
[24 Hen. VI.], 27
May. Leycestre. Indenture of delivery and confirmation by Roger Fysshewyk, clerk, John
Reynold, sen., and
Walter Tottesden of Leycestre, to William Asty of Leycestre, sen., of a messuage and six cottages
severally
situate in Leycestre; whereof the said messuage is situate between the tenement late of Richard
del Grene on
N. and the shop late of Margaret, sometime the wife of Robert Wyloughby of Leycestre, on S.,
and extends
from the king's way to the land late of the said Richard del Grene. Canon of the Newarke
college, and
prebendary of the thirteenth prebend 1435-1453. *See No. 581. 
LEICESTER and in breadth between the land late of the said Richard and the tenements
sometime of William of
Clyppeston to the lane called le Frerelane. And one cottage is situate in le Dedelane, between the
tenements
sometime of John Derley, sporyour, on E. and those late of William Braybroke on W., and
extends from the
king's way to the garden late of Roger Wryght of Thurleston. And two cottages lie in the said
lane called le
Dedelane, between the tenements late of the said William Braybroke on E. and the tenement late
of the said
Roger Wryght on W., and extend from the king's way to the land late of the said Roger Wryght.
And two
cottages lie in a lane called Sorelane, between the garden of the new college of Leycestre on E.
and the
tenement of the college of St Mary by the castle of Leycestre on W., and extend from the king's
way to the
garden late of Richard of Gampston. And one cottage lies in the same lane between the
tenements of the said
college of St Mary by the castle on E. and those late of the said Roger Wryght on W., and extend
from the
king's way to the land late of the said Richard of Gampston on S'. The which premises the
grantors lately had of
the gift and feoffment of the said William Asty. To hold to the said William Asty for the term of
his life, without
impeachment of waste, and with remainder after his decease to William Asty, his son, and to
Margery his wife
or to the heirs of their bodies lawfully between them begotten, to hold of the chief lords, etc.
Reversion, if
William the younger and Margery die without lawful issue, to the grantors and their heirs, to hold
of the chief
lords, etc. Witnesses : Thomas Grene, tapycer, mayor; William Braunston, Alexander Villers,
deputies of
Richard Hotoft and Thomas Meryng. esqq., bailiffs; Adam Racy. William Waldegraue, Thomas
Dalton, jun.,
Lawrence Bate of Leycestre. Three seals. Endorsed in late hand: Charta Rog. Fyshwyck, clerici,
Johannis
Reignoldes & Walt. Tottesden de vno mess. & sex cotag. W. Asty sen. rem. W. Asty junior. &
Margeriae vx.
eius. 612. 1446 [24 Hen. VI.], 4 June. Leycestre. Indenture between William Asty of Leycestre,
sen., on the one
part, See Nos. 569, 581. 
348 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS and Roger Fysshewyk, clerk, John Reynold,
sen., and Walter
T'ottesden of Leycestre, on the other, providing, in respect of the messuage and six cottages
granted and
confirmed by the said William to the said Roger. John and Walter, by his charter of 24 May, 24
Henry VI., that
the said grantees shall make an estate of the premises to the said William for the term of his life,
with
remainder to William Asty of Leycestre, jun., his son, and to Margery his wife, as stated in No.
611. And, in case
that the said William the younger and Margery die without heirs between them lawfully begotten,
the
premises shall be sold and disposed of for the souls of the said William the elder and Joan his
wife, and of their
sons, parents and benefactors. Three seals. Endorsed in late hand : Indent. fact. int. W. Asty sen.
& feoff. suos
de vno mess. & sex Cott. in Leic. indicans ad quem vsum feoff. existent. 613. 1447 125 Hen.
VI.], 22 June.
Leycestre. Indenture testifyig that Elizabeth Coterell of Chapel in le Fryth, co. Derby, has put
Richard Akworth
her son apprentice to John Stokes of Leycestre, hosyer and tayler, to be taught the arts of the
same John, and
to dwell with the same John and do him service after the manner of a trusty apprentice, for nine
years from
the feast of the Nativity of St John Baptist next after the date of these presents; during the which
term the said
Richard shall do the said John service as his master. well and faithfully, shall conceal his secrets,
shall do
everywhere his lawful precepts, shall do him no damage nor see that it is done him by others, to
the value of
6d. a year and not more, if he shall not hinder it to the best of his power or forewarn his said
master thereof.
He shall not inordinately waste the goods of his said master or lend them to anyone without his
precept or will.
He shall not traffic with his own money or that of others without licence of his said master. He
shall not play at
dice or any other unlawful game to the deterioration of his said master. He shall not haunt taverns
of custom.
He shall not contract marriage with any woman or affy himself to any without his said master's
will. He shall
not commit fornication in his said master's houses or without, nor shall he depart unlawfully from
his said
service or stay at a distance from it for days and nights under pain of 
LEICESTER the doubling of his term aforesaid. And the said John shall diligently teach, handle
and inform, or
cause the said Richard to be raught, handled and informed in his arts which he uses after the best
manner that
he can or shall know. chastising him in due wise, and finding for him victuals, linen and woollen
clothing,
bedding, and footwear sufficient, and all other necessaries incumbent upon him for the whole
term abovesaid,
as it is seemly that an apprentice of the same handicrafts should be found therein, according to
the use and
custom of the town of Leycestre, and giving him every year of his said term for his stipend 12d.
sterling
Witnesses : John Benet, mayor of the town of Leycestre; William Braunston, Alexander Vyllers,
deputies of
Richard Hotoft and Thomas Merynge, esqq., bailiffs of the same town, William Grantham, John
Gyles. John
Pacy, William Waldegraue, of Leycestre. Seal gone. Endorsed : And the said John shall find his
said apprentice
at the school of letters for an entire year in due manner, to wit, in the first year of his said term.
614. 1448 (26
Hen. VI.], 5 April. Leycestre. Indented charter of demise and delivery by master William
Walesby, dean of the
new collegiate church of St Mary of Leycestre, and the chapter of the same' to Thomas
Everyngham, esq.,
Richard Neel, John Norwode, Thomas Farnham, Richard Braytofte, William Braytofte and
Thomas Charyte, of a
messuage situate in Lowesbylane, Leycestre, in the parish of St Martin, Leycestre, upon the
corner of the same
lane, between the highway leading to the Saturday market on S. and the tenement of the master of
St John's,
Leycestre, on N., and extending from Lowesbylane to the tenement of the abbot of Leycestre on
W. To hold to
the said grantees for the term of the life of the said Thomas Charyte, without impeachment of
waste, with
remainder, after the death of the said Thomas, to John Charyte his son, and the heirs issuing of
his body,
rendering therefor to the said dean and chapter a peppercorn, if asked, at Midsummer. Reversion,
if the same
John die without heirs of his body, to the same dean and chapter and their successors. Walesby
was dean of
the Newarke college 1431-1450. 
 350 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: Ralph Fyssher, mayor, William
Braunston, deputy of
Richard Hotoft, esq., bailiff; John Reynold. William Nuby, Adam Racy, John Benet, Thomas
Dalton of Leycestre.
Seal cut away. Endorsed in late hand : Charta indent. magistri decani & capituli colleg. sancti
Marie Thome
Charyty et aliis, vnius mess. in Lowesby lane pro redd. grani piperis. 615. 1448 (26 Hen. VI.], 24
Aug. Leycestre.
Release and quitclaim by William Asty, sen., of Leycestre, to sir Roger Fyschewyk, of all manner
of actions, both
real and personal, which he ever had, has, or may have in future against the said Roger. Seal
gone. Endorsed in
late hand : Relaxatio omnium accionum per W. Asty domino Rogero Fyschewyk. 616. 1449 [27
Hen. VI.]
Release and quitclaim by Thomas Holme, citizen and grocer of the city of London, to Richard
Raundull,
otherwise called Richard Randolf of Leycester, grocer, John Waleys of Wykyngeston',
gentylman, and Richard
Eyryk of the same, yoman, of all manner of personal actions. Fragment of seal (simple queue).
617. 1450 (28
Hen. VI.], 20 July. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Robert Hanson, chaplain, and William
Wymondeswold
of Leycestre, to John Glen, vicar of the church of St Peter, Leycestre, and Robert Bryan of
Leycester, of a
garden situate in the parish of St Michael, Leycester, between the close late of William Couper,
now of John
Wykeham, and the land of Richard Pallet, late of Richard Threnkeston, and abutting from Saynt
Mischellane as
far as the gardens of St John, Leycester, and of the said Robert. late of Nicholas Skynner; the
which the said
grantors, together with Thomas Whittyngton, now deceased, had, with divers other gardens, of
the gift and
feoffment of Margaret Petelyng, the daughter and heir of John Petelyng of Leycestre. hold to the
said
grantees, rendering therefrom yearly to the Wigston. 
LEICESTER hospital of St John the Evangelist, Leycestre, 44d. at the feaste accustomed in
Leycestre, for all
secular service, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Braunston, mayor; Richard Hotoft. esq.,
bailiff; William
Newby, William Grantham, William Tyell, Richard Sleford, William Browne, of Leycester. 618.
1450 [29 Hen.
VI.], 23 Dec. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Peter Launder of Leycestre, turnour, to
Thomas Sachewe,
chaplain, John Wykham, coruyser, and John Mathewe, coruyser, of Leycestre, of two messuages
situate
together in le Cank, Leycestre, between the garden of the friars minor on W. and the tenement
late of Thomas
Wakefeld, now of Katherine Clerk, on E., and extending from the king's way as far as the lord
king's land of his
duchy of Lancaster'. Also of a piece of land lying in the parish of St Michael, Leycestre, between
the land of
William Wymondeswold on E. and that of Richard Palet on W., and extending to that of the said
William to the
S., and opposite the said church to N. The which premises the said Peter, together with Richard
Smert,
chaplain, and Richard Lyncoln of Leycestre, coruyser, late deceased, had of the gift and
feoffment of Richard
Chaynell, late of Leycestre, couper. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: John Reynold,
sen., mayor;
Richard Hotoft, bailiff; William Wymondeswold, Roger Broune, Robert Scheryngham, William
Hynde, Robert
Powell. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Petri Launder fact. Thome Sacheu capell., Johanni
Wykeham et
Johanni Mathew de duobus mess. in Cank & vna pecia terre in paroch. sancti Michaelis. 619.
1450-1 [29 Hen.
VI.], 5 Feb. Leycestre. Grant by William Syeston, vicar of the parish church of All Saints,
Leycestre, and Roger
Clement of the same, to John Yoman of the same, and John Grene of Leycestre, turnour, Peter
Laundyr of the
same, John Wyllymot of the same, weyver, of a garden lying in the crofts of St Michael,
Leycestre, between the
land of Alice Breton on E. and that of John Kesteuon on W., and extending from the land of
Robert See Nos.
587, 588, 594. 
352 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Kesteuon on N. to the lane towards the S., the
which the grantors of
late had, together with Thomas Addenet, late of Leycestre, of the gift and feoffment of Roger
Addenet, late of
the same, surgeour. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Reynold the elder,
mayor;
Richard Hotoft, bailiff; William Wymondeswold, Richard Yates, William Chaunsey, of
Leycestre. One seal :
fragment of the other. Endorsed : Charta Willelmi Syeston & Rogeri Clement facta Johanni
Grene & aliis de
Crofto in parochia sancti Michaelis. 620. 1450-1 [29 Hen. VI.], 7 Feb. Leycestre. Release and
quitclaim by
Margery, who was the wife of Robert Skaresdale, late of Leycestre, corvyser, to John Grene of
Leycestre,
turnour, Peter Laundyr of the same, John Yoman of the same, and John Wyllymot of the same,
weyver, of all
her right in a garden lying in the crofts of St Michael, Leycestre, between the land of Alice
Breton on E. and that
of Robert Kesteuon on W., and extending from the land of Robert Kesteuon on N. to the lane to
the S.
Warranty Witnesses: John Reynold, mayor; Richard Hotoft, bailiff; William Wymondeswold,
Richard Yates,
William Chaunsey, of Leycestre. Small fragment of seal. Endorsed : (1) Carta Margerie Scarsdall
cum pertin.; (2)
Charta Margerie Skaresdale fact. Johanni Grene et aliis de gardino in paroch. sancti Michaelis.
621. 1452 [31
Hen. VI.], 27 Oct. Leicestre. Grant and confirmation by William Innocent of Leicestre to Robert
Olney, esq.,
Thomas Charyte of Leicestre, and John Chapman of Weston Vndurwode', of a cottage situate in
le Dedelane,
Leicester, between the tenement of John Clover, corvyser, on E., and that late of William Asty,
and now of the
said William Innocent; which the said William Innocen lately had of the gift and feoffment of
Margaret
Breybroke. late the wife of William Breybroke". Also of all his goods Probably Weston
Underwood, co. Buck.,
near Olney. There is another place of the name in Derbyshire. *Cf. No. 593. 
LEICESTER and chattels, movable and immovable, living and dead, which he has in the town
and suburbs of
Leicestre, or elsewhere within the realm of England, wheresoever they may be found. To hold of
the chief
lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Wymondeswold, mayor; William Hynde, deputy of
Richard Hotoft,
bailiff; William Neuby, Ralph Fyssher, Thomas Grene, draper, of Leicestre. Seal. Endorsed in
late hand: Charta
Willelmi Innocent facta Roberto Olney & al. de vno cotag. in Dead lane. 622. 1452 [31 Hen.
VI.], 27 Oct.
Leicestre. Demise and delivery by William Innocent of Leicestre, John Glen, vicar of the church
of St Peter,
Leicestre, and Adam Racy of the same, to Robert Olney, esq., Thomas Charyte of Leicestre, and
John Chapman
of Weston Vnderwode, of two cottages with the gardens adjoining, situate in the lane called le
Dedelane in
Leicestre, between the tenement of Simon Scales, clerk, on W., and that late of William Asty on
E.; the which
the said grantors lately had of the gift and feoffment of Elizabeth who was the wife of John
Cambrygge. Also of
a garden lying behind and contiguous to the gardens of the said cottages, extending to the lane
called
Petrelane between the garden of the said Simon and that of John Reynold, sen. To hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Witnesses as in the preceding charter, No. 621. Three seals. Endorsed in late hand : Charta
Willelmi Inocent &
al. fact. Roberto Olney & al. de duobus cottag. in Deadlane. 623. 1452-3 [31 Hen. VI.], 13 Jan.
Release and
quitclaim by William Innoceynt of Leycestre to Margery, late the wife of William Asty, late of
Leycestre,
skynner, who is already in seisin of two cottages situate in le Dedlane, Leycestre, between the
tenement of the
said William Innoceynt, sometime of William Braybroke, on E., and that of the same William
Innoceynt,
sometime of Roger Wright of Thurleston, on W., and extending from the king s way to the land
of the said
Roger Wryght, for the term of her life, with remainder to Agnes, daughter and heir of the said
William [Asty)
and See No. 601. 
 354 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Margery, of their bodies lawfully procreate, of
all his right in the
premises. Endorsed in late hand : Charta relaxac. Willelmi Innocent fact. Margerie (Innocent
cancelled) &
Agneti fil. predictorum W. & Marg. duorum cott. in Deadlane. 624. 1454 [33 Hen. VI.], 6 Dec.
Leycestre. Grant
and confirmation by William Wymondeswold of Leycestre and Robert Hanson, chaplain, to
Robert Brown, late
serving man of the said William, Richard Gyllott, Thomas Melburne, and Thomas Sachu,
chaplain, of six pieces
of land Jand gardens in Leycestre; of the which one piece of gardens lies in the parish of St Peter,
Leycestre,
between the land of the gild of Corpus Christi and that of John Pykwell, and extends from the
lane of St Peter
to the gardens late of Richard Chaundeler and Thomas Dalton, sen. Another great piece of land
lies in the same
parish between the gardens of the vicar of St Peter, Leycestre, and late of William Bekenshawe
on one side,
and that late of the said Richard Chaundeler on the other, and extends from Jayle Halle lane to
the land late of
John Pykwell. And another piece of land lies in the same parish, between the land of Thomas
Bower, late of
Richard Kesteyven, and that of John Bryan, and extends from Jayle Halle lane to the closes of
William Coper
and Richard Palett Another piece of garden land lies between the lands late of Richard Baldok
and William
Purfray on one side, and the lane which leads from le Torchemere to St Michael's church on the
other, and
extends from Jayle Halle lane to Saint Mighell lane. And another piece of land lies between the
land late of
John Cook and that of John Belgraue, and extends from le Torchemere to the land of Thomas
Grysby. Another
piece of land lies in the parish of St Michael between the land late of William Barbur and the
ditch of the town
o Leycestre, and extends from the land of John Launceleve. late of John Barker, to that of
Thomas Dalton, sen.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Dalton, jun., mayor; Richard
Hotofte, bailiff;
Thomas Charite, John Benett, Robert Bowlott, of Leycestre. Two seals. 625. 1458-9 [37 Hen.
VI.]. 23 Feb.
Acknowledgment of bond by John Glover of Leycestre, coruiser, to Roger 
LEICESTER 355 Wygston of Leycestre, marchaunt, in 100 s. payable at the feast of St John
Baptist next.
Condition (endorsed): peaceful possession of a plot of land lying in the parish of St Peter,
Leycestre, between
the land of the mayor and commonalty of the town of Leycestre on S. and the lane called
Petirlane on N., and
extending from the kings way to the land of John Reynold. Seal gone. 626. 1458-9 [37 Hen. VI.],
5 March.
Leycestre. Grant by Margaret Snerston, daughter and heir of Richard Thorne, in her pure
widowhood, to John
Drayte of Leycestre, corioure, of a plot of land lying in the lane called Barkebylane, between the
land of John
Reynold the elder on S., and that of Richard Barlowe on N., and extending from the said lane to
the land of the
bishop of Lincoln. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Reynold the elder,
mayor; Richard
Hotofte, esq., bailiff; John Gery, Robert Newerk, John Wylemot, of Leycestre. Seal. Endorsed :
Charta Margerie
Snerton filie et heredis Ricardi Thorne facta lohanni Drayte de placea terre in Barkby lane. 627.
1458-9 [37 Hen.
VI.], 5 March, Leycestre. Letters of Margery Snerston, daughter and heir of Richard Thorne, in
her pure
widowhood, appointing Thomas Alde of Leycestre her attorney to deliver seisin to John Drayte
of Leycestre,
corioure, of a plot of land lying in the land called Barkebylane, between the land of John Reynold
the elder on
S. and that of Richard Barlowe on N., and extending from the said lane to the land of the bishop
of Lincoln,
according to the force, etc., of a charter thereof made. Fragment of seal : simple queue. Endorsed
: Litt.
Attornat. Margerie Snerston ad deliberand, seisinam Johanni Drayte de placea terre in Barkby
Lane. 628. 1459
(37 Hen. VI.]. 29 May. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Robert Bryan of Leycestre to
Thomas Grene, 
 356 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS draper, and Edmund Tyllet, clerk, of two
gardens lying together,
whereof one lies in the parish of St Peter, Leycestre, between the land of the master of St John's
on E. and that
of John Standyssh on W., and the other lies in the parish of St Michael the Archangel, Leycestre,
between the
land of Richard Palet on E. and that of William Couper on W.; and both extend from the king's
way called
Jaylehallane to the lane called Saintmighellane. To hold of the chief lords of the fee, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses:
John Reynold the elder, mayor; Richard Hotofte, esq., bailiff; Robert Rawlot, John Gyles, John
Pacy, of
Leycestre. Seal. 629. 1459 [37 Hen. VI.]. 20 July. Grant and confirmation by William Mersshe of
Abyndon,
draper and hosier, to Thomas Burley of Couentre, passonger, of two cottages situate together
without the
south gate of Leycestre, between the land of the college of the Newarke of Leycestre and the high
way called
Milstonlane in breadth, and extending in length from the king's way to the land of the said
college, according
to the metes and boundaries there made; the which two cottages the said grantor lately had of the
gift and
grant of Thomas Baverey, late of Hareborowe', now deceased. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Seal.
630. Same date. Letters of William Mersshe of Abyndon, draper and hosier, appointing Thomas
Whittakir of
Leycestre and William Pakynton of the same his attorneys to deliver seisin to Thomas Burley of
Couentre,
passonger, of two cottages situate together without the south gate of Leycestre, according to
terms of charter.
Seal. 631. 1460 [39 Hen. VI.], 27 Sept. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Joan Melburn of
Leycestre, widow,
daughter and heir of Roger Belgraue, Thomas Melburn and Alice Melburn, the wife of Henry
Goldesmyth,
children (filii) and heirs of the said Joan, to William Hastynges, esq., Robert Market Harborough. 
LEICESTER Staunton, gent., Roger Wygston, Thomas Burton, Nicholas Pyngyll, chaplain, of a
messuage in the
parish of St Martin's, Leycestre, lying between the tenement of the abbot and convent of St Mary
of the
Meadows, Leycestre, on the north, and the lane which leads to the friars minor on S., abutting
upon the
churchyard of the parish church of St Martin on E., and upon the tenements of John Blauncherd
and Thomas
Grene to W. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Wygston, mayor;
Richard Hotoft,
bailiff; John Reynold, sen., Thomas Grene, draper, Robert Roulot, draper, of Leycestre. Endorsed
in late hand :
Charta Johanne Melburn et al facta Willelmo Hastinges & aliis de tenemento in cimiterio sancti
Martini. Three
seals. 632. Same date. Bond by Joan Melburn of Leycestre, Thomas Melburn of the same, spicer,
and Henry
Elvet of the same, goldesmyth, to William Wygston of Leycestre, marchaunt, in ú20, payable at
the feast of St
Martin in the winter next. Parts of three seals. Endorsed in late hand : Obligatio simplex de xx li.
facta Willelmo
Wigston. 633. 1460 [39 Hen. VI.], 10 Oct. Leycestre. Grant by John Grene, tornour, John Yoman
and John
Willimot of Leycestre, to William Catte, vicar of All Saints, Leycestre, and Thomas Saunderson
of Leycestre,
capper, of a garden lying in the crofts of St Michael. Leycestre, between the land late of Alice
Breton on E. and
that late of Robert Kesteuon on W., and extending from the land late of the said Robert Kesteuon
on N. to the
lane on S. which the grantors had of late, with Peter Laundir, deceased, of the gift and feoffment
of William
Syeston, vicar of All Saints, and Roger Clement, late of Leycestre, corueser, deceased.* To hold
of the chief
lords, etc. Witnesses: Robert Sheringham, mayor; John Reynold, Richard Gillot, Robert Grene,
John Bawdewyn,
of Leycestre. Three seals. See No. 619. 
358 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Endorsed in late hand : Charta Johannis Crene
& aliorum feoffatorum
facta Willelmo Catte & Thome Saunderson de vno Gardino in Croiftis Sancti Michaelis. 634.
1460, 29 Oct.
[Morrow of St Simon and St Jude, 39 Hen. VI.] Leicester. Release and quitclaim by Roger
Belgrave, son and heir
of John Belgrave of Leicester, to William Wyggeston of Leicester, of all his right in a messuage
situate in the
churchyard of the church of St Martin in Leicester; the which the said William lately purchased
of the said
Roger. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Schillingham, mayor; Richard Hotoft, bailiff; Thomas
Grene, Robert Rollett,
Richard att zate. Round seal. Endorsed in late hand: Charta relaxacionis Rogeri Belgrave factae
Willelmo
Wigston de vno messuagio in cimiterio sancti Martini Leic. 635. 1460 [39 Hen. VI.], 10 Nov.
Leycestre. Release
and quitclaim by Thomas of the Grene, son of Thomas of the Grene of Leycestre, hosbandman,
to John of the
Grene his brother, of all his right in a tenement in the parish of St Martin, Leycestre, situate in the
High street,
between the tenement of John Blaunchard on N., and that of Thomas of the Grene, his father, on
S., and that
of John Belgraue on E., and extending to the king's way towards the W.* To hold. etc., according
to the force,
form and effect of a charter made to the said John and his heirs by the said Thomas. Witnesses:
Robert
Sheringham, mayor of Leycestre Richard Hotoft. esq., bailiff of the same; John Reynold the
elder, John Pacy,
Robert Rowlott, Roger Wygston of Leycestre. Seal gone. Endorsed in late hand : Relaxatio
Thomae Grene
Junioris Johanni Grene Fratri suo : de Tenemento in alto Strata Leic. 636. 1462 [2 Edward IV.],
20 April.
Leycestre. Grant by John Hatfield of Couentre and Edith his wife, daughter and heir of John
Maiel, late of
Leycestre, now deceased, to Apparently the northern part of the tenement of Nos. 590, 591. See
No. 638. 
LEICESTER lohn Neuton of Leycestre, John Glasier of the same, and lohn House, chaplain, of a
messuage in
Leycestre, situate in the lane called le Cowelane, and of two cottages situate together contiguous
to the same
messuage; the which premises are situate between the tenement of the said John Neuton,
sometime of
Thomas Clerk, on W. and a tenement in the tenure of Robert Shillingham on E., and extend from
the king's way
in length to the land of John Morwod, John Stanwych and John Drayte on N. To hold of the chief
lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses : Robert Rowlot, mayor: William Wygston; Peter Curteys, bailiff; William
Lemyngton, John
Charite, Thomas Edlyn, Thomas Palet, of Leycestre. Two seals. Endorsed in late hand : Charta
lohannis Hatfield
&Edithae yxoris eius filie & heredis lohannis Maiell facta lohanni Newton & aliis de messuagio
& duobus
Cottagiis in Cowlane. 637. Same date. Leycestre. Letters of John Hatfield of Coventre and Edith
his wife,
appointing Richard Reynold of Leycestre and Thomas Edlyn of the same their attorneys to
deliver seisin to John
Neuton of Leycestre, John Glasier of the same, and John House, chaplain, of a messuage in
Leycestre, situate in
the lane called le Cowelane, and of two cottages situate together contiguous to the same
messuage; the which
premises are situate between the tenement of the said John Neuton, sometime of Thomas Clerk,
on W. and a
tenement in the tenure of Robert Shillyngham on E. One seal : fragment of another. Endorsed in
late hand :
Littera attornat. Johannis Hatfield et Edithae vxoris eius fact. Johanni Newton et aliis de mess. et.
duobus
cottag. in Cow Lane. 638. Same date. Leycestre. Indenture testifying that, whereas Thomas of the
Grene of
Leycestre, husbondman, has granted and confirmed by charter to John of the Grene, his son, and
his heirs a
tenement in the parish of St Martin's. Leycestre, the said John wills and grants by these presents.
for himself
his heirs and executors, that he and they shall pay or cause to be paid to Thomas of the Grene,
son and heir of
the said Thomas, or to his certain attorney, 12d. lawful money at three terms of the year usual in
the town of 

360 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Leycestre by equal portions. And that the said Thomas and his heire shall have free entry and egress through and within the tenement of the said John, to repair his messuage without any gainsaying of the same John or his heirs; sso that on these conditions), the said John and his heirs, according to the force. etc., of a charter made thereupon, may have und possess ihe aaid tenement. Part of seal. Endoreed in late hand: Concessio annui reddit. per Johannem Grene Thome Grene patri suo de tenemento quod fuit eiusdem Thome. 6384. Counterpart of the same, with seal. 639. 1462 [2 Edw. IV.]. 20 Feb. Leycestre. Grant by John Drayte of Leycestre, coryour, to Richard Barlowe of Leycestre, draper, of a plot of land lying in the lane called Barkebylane, between the land of John Reynold on S., and that of the said Richard on N., and extending from the said lane to the land of the bishop of Lincoln. To hold of the chief lords of the fee, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Yoman, mayor; Peter Curteys, bailiff; Richard Yates. John Roberds, Robert Newerk, of Leycestre. Seal. Endorsed in late hand: Charta lohannis Rrayte facta Ricardo Barlowe de placea terre in Barkbylane. 640. 1463-4 4 Edw. IV.]. 10 March. Indenture (English) between Thomas Grene the elder of Leycestre, husbondman. and Thomas Grene the younger his son, witnessing that the said Thomas the elder has let to farm to the said Thomas the younger a mesee lying in the High street of Leycestre, witl 3 yards of lands in Brunkyngthorpe, meadow, pasture and close thereto belonging. and a bownd carte with horses belonging thereto; so that the said Thomas the younger shall pay or cause to be paid to Thomas the elder, between this date and Michaelmas next, half the crop of wheat, and at Michaelmas next 6s. 8d., at Candlemas next 68. 8d. and Whitsuntide next 6s. 8d. in money with three quarters of malt and an acre of wheat growing of the best, which the said Cf. No. 636. "See Nos. 626, 627. 
LEICESTER Thomas the elder shall choose during the first year; and in the second year the said Thomas the younger shall pay on cause to be paid to the said Thomas the elder 23s. 4d. a three times in the year as before rehearsed by even portions, with three quarters of malt and the acre of wheat as before written: and ao from year to year during the life of the saic Thomas the elder. And the said Thomas the elder ahall have in the same place a chamber, with the parlour under the chamber, and a kitchen with l6 feet of void ground to build. or else to make a hovel upon. And the said Thomas the elder shall have free going in and out into the close to gather him herbs when it please him. To this covenant the saic Thomas the elder binds himself to Thomas the younger in 40s. lawful money of England. Witnesses: John Benyson, Peers Lythell, Mills Water. Fragment of seal : simple queue. 641. 1464 (4 Edw. IV.]. 15 August. Leycestre. Demise and delivery by Edmund Tyllet. clerk. to John Yoman of Leycestre. Thomas Malorye of Whatton. gentylman, Henry Belgraue, gentylman, William Ymber of Sapcote, gentylman, and Thomas Sachowe of Leycestre, chaplain, of two gardens lying together, whereof one lies in the parish of St Peter. Leycestre, between the land of the master of St John s on E. and that of John Standyssh on W., and the other lies in the parish of St Michael the Archangel, Leycestre, between the land late of Richard Palet. now of Thomas Palet, on E and that of William Couper on W.; and both extend from the kingís way called Jaylehallane to the lane called Sanctmighellane.* To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: John Reynold, mayor; Peter Curteys, bailiff: William Wyggeston, Robert Rowelot, William Holbeche. Thomas Joye, Thomas Palet, of Leycestre. 642. Same date. Letters of Edmund Tyllet. clerk. appointing Thomas Joye and Thomas Barbour of Leycestre his attorneys to deliver seisin to John Yoman of Leycestre lhomas Malorye of Whatton, gentylman, Henry Belgrave. gentylman. William Ymber of Sapcote. gentylman, and See No. 628. 

362 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Thomas Sachowe of Leycestre, chaplain, of
two gardens lying
together, of which one lies in the parish of St Peter, Leycestre, and the other in the parish of St
Michael. Seal.
643. 1464 [4 Edw. IV.]. 20 August. Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by Maud Dalahey of
Leycestre, in her pure
widowhood and lawful power, to John Yoman of Leycestre, Thomas Malorye of Whatton,
gentylman, Henry
Belgraue, gentylman, William Ymber of Sapcote, gentylman, and Thomas Sachowe of Leycestre,
chaplain, of all
her right in two gardens lying together, one in the parish of St Peter, Leycestre, between the land
of the master
of St John's, Leycestre, on E., and that of John Standyssh on W., and the other in the parish of St
Michael,
Leycestre, between the land late of Richard Palet, now of Thomas Palet, on E., and that of
William Couper on
W.; and both extending from the king's way called Jaylehallane to the lane called
Sanctmyghellane. Witnesses:
John Reynold, mayor; Peter Curteys, bailiff: William Wyggeston, Robert Rowelot, William
Holbech. of
Leycestre. Seal. 644. 1464. 14 Sept. JExaltation oj the Holy Cross, 4 Edw. IV.] Leycestre.
Delivery and
confirmation by John Benet of Leycestre to John Tyrlyngton of Thurmaston, of a messuage in
Leycestre, situate
in the parish of All Saints, between the tenement of John Cook and that of the abbot and convent
of the
monastery of St Mary of the meadows of Leycester, and extending from the king a way to the
garden late of
Thomas Twe; the which messuage the said grantor, together with Thomas Burton and William
Wymondeswold, now deceased, and John Hayton, chaplain, and William Iden, still surviving,
lately had of the
gift and feoffment of Robert Twyford, chaplain, now deceased. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to
the said John
Tyrlyngton and the heirs of his body lawfully procreate. Reversion to the right heirs of John
Ernesby, late of
Leycestre. Witnesses: John Raynolld, mayor; Peter Curteyse, bailiff; Robert Gery. John Glouer,
John Barbour, of
Leycestre. Seal. 
LEICESTER 645. 1466 16 Edw. IV.]. 4 June. Leycester. Release and quitclaim by Roger
Belgraue, son and heir of
John Belgraue, whilom of Leycester, to William Hastynges, sometime esq., now lord of
Hastynges, kt., Robert
Staunton, gentilman, Roger Wygston and Thomas Burton, of his right in a messuage in the parish
of St Martin,
Leycester, situate between the tenement of the abbey and convent of St Mary of the meadows of
Leycester on
N., and the lane that leads to the friars minor on S., and abutting upon the churchyard of the
parish church of
St Martin to E. and upon the tenement of John Blaunchard and Thomas Grene to W." Warranty.
Witnesses:
Peter Curtes, bailiff; Robert Scheringham. Robert Rawlot, Richard Yates, William Lemyngton,
of Leycester. To
the date is added : in tempore maioratus predicti Rogeri Wygston. Endorsed in late hand : Charta
Rogeri
Belgrave facta Willelmo Hastings et aliis de messuagio parcella nunc scitus hospitalis. 646. 1469
[9 Edw. IV.]. 23
October. Leycestre. Demise. grant and confirmation, indented, by Robert Rawlot, John Yoman.
John Mey, John
Douell. Peter Wynwode, Ralph Beryngton. William Greneham, Richard Clement, and John
Marche of Leycestre,
to Alice, wife of William Whitowe of Leycestre, smyth, of a messuage situate in the parish of St
Martin's.
Leycestre, without the east gate, in a street called Galowtregate, between the messuage late of
John Clark,
now of John Yoman, on S., and that of the dean and chapter of the college of blessed Mary of the
Newarke of
Leycestre on N., and extending from the said street to the messuage of the fraternity of the gild of
Corpus
Christi on W.; the which messuage the said grantors lately had of the gift and feoffment of the
said William
Whitowe. To hold of the chief lords. etc., for the term of her life, with remainder and reversion,
after the
decease of the said William and Alice, to the heirs lawfully begotten between them, and, in the
case of no such
heirs, to Alice, daughter of the said William, and the heirs of her body lawfully begotten. And. if
the said Alice
the daughter die without such heir, the said messuage shall be sold and disposed of for the health
of the souls
of the said See No. 631. 
364 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS William and Alice his wife, his father and
mother, and all his
benefactors. Witnesses: John Wygston, mayor; Peter Curtes, bailiff; Robert Sheringham, William
Holbech,
Roger Wygston, Richard Gyllot, John Willimot, of Leycestre. No seal. 647. 1469 [9 Edw. IV.],
12 Nov. Leycestre.
Release and quitclaim by John Glasier of Leycestre and John House, chaplain, to William
Wygston of Leycestre,
merchant, and Thomas Wygston his son, of all their right in a messuage in the parish of St
Martin, Leycestre,
situate in the lane called le Cowlane, and in two cottages situate together contiguously to the
same messuage;
the which messuage and cottages are situate between the tenement of John Newton, sometime of
Thomas
Clerke, on W., and that of late in the tenure of Robert Sheringham on E., and extend from the
king's way in
length to the land late of John Morwode, John Stanwych, and John Drayte on N. The which
premises the said
John Glasier and John House, together with the said John Newton. lately had of the gift and
feoffment of John
Hatfield of Couentre and Edith his wife, daughter and heir of John Maiel, late of Leycestre.
Witnesses: John
Wygston, mayor; Peter Curtes, bailiff, Robert Rawlot. Roger Wygston, Richard Gillot, John
Willimot, Richard
Randall. One seal : fragment of another. Endorsed : Charta relaxac. Johannis Glacyor & Jo :
House facta W.
Wigston & Tho : Wigston de mess. & duobus cotag in Cowlane. 648. 1470 (10 Edw. IV.]. 20
August. Leycestre.
Grant by William Catte, vicar of the church of All Saints, Leycestre. and Thomas Saunderson of
the same, to
Thomas Davy of Leycestre, grocer, of a garden lying in the crofts of St Michael, Leycestre,
between the land
late of Alice Breton on E. and that late of Robert Kesteuon on W., and extending from the land
late of the said
Robert Kesteuon on N. to the lane towards the S.* To hold to the chief lords, etc. Warranty See
Nos. 636, 637.
2See Nos. 619. 633. 
LEICESTER 365 Witnesses: Peter Curteys, bailiff; Nicholas Bacon, Richard Clement, of
Leycestre. One seal:
fragment of the other. Endorsed : Charta Willelmi Catte & Thomae Saunderson de predicto
Gardino facta
Thomae Davye. 649. 1470-1, 2 Feb. [Purification of St Mary, 49 Hen. VI.). Delivery, grant and
lease by
indenture, by Thomas Grene, late of Leycestre, the elder, fraunkeleyn, and Thomas Grene of the
same, the
younger, son of the said Thomas, to John Dawes of Leycestre, miller, of a piece of meadow
outside the town of
Leycestre, in the meadow called le Mawryholmes. lying between the meadow of John Danet on
both sides, and
extending to the water called le Pauer pole towards W. To hold, for money paid in hand, to the
said John and
his assigns for twenty years from the date of these presents. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Rawlot,
Roger
Wygston, John Persons, John Vyncent, John Eyryk, of Leycestre. Part of seal. 650. 1470-1 [49
Hen. VI.,
redempcionis sue regie potestatis anno primo'], 20 March. Leycester. Grant and confirmation by
Isabel
Barlowe, who was the wife of Richard Barlowe, in her pure widowhood and lawful power, and
by John
Barlowe, son and heir of the said Richard, to Richard Gyllot of Leycester, grocer, and Amy his
wife, of a close in
the eastem suburb of the said town, lying between the land of John German of Cosyngton on E.,
and (the land)
whilom of Thomas Ysle and the land of John Reynold on W., and extending from the king's way
called
Barkbylane towards the land of the bishop of Lincoln; the which close was sometime divided
into three parts.*
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Robert Shirryngham, mayor; Robert
Rowelot. John
Frysley, John Reynold, William Holbech. Richard Barlowe's property in Barkby lane appears to
have consisted
of tour plots, viz. : (1) the piot mentioned in Nos. 585, 603, purchased in 1439 of Alice Grysby;
(2) Nos. 535,
605, purchased in 1441-2 of abbot Sadyngton and John Assheby; (3) Nos. 562, 584, 596, 598,
606, 607,
purchased in 1444-5 of Ralph Fyssher or Furnes and others; and (4) Nos. 626, 639, purchased in
1462-3 of John
Drayte. The relative positions of these plots are not to be identified with certainty, and the
orientation of (4)
doeo not agree with that of the other three. 
366 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Two seals. Endorsed in late hand: Charta
Isabelle Barlowe et Johannis
Barlowe facta Roberto Gyllott de clauso in Barkby lane. 651. Same date. Letters of attorney of
lsabel who was
the wife of Richard Barlowe, in her pure widowhood and lawful power, and of John Barlowe,
son and heir of
the said Richard, empowering Thomas Palet to deliver seisin to Richard Gillot of Leycester,
grocer, and Amy his
wife, of a close in the eastern suburb of the said town, according to the force, etc., of their charter
thereof
made to the same. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Litt' attornat' Isabelle Barlowe et Johannis
Barlowe ad
deliberandum seisinam Ricardo Gyllott de clauso in Barkby Lane. 652. 1471 (11 Edw. IV), 30
Sept. Leycester.
Release and quitclaim by John Yoman, Thomas Joye, John Barbour, Henry Belgraue, gentylman,
and Thomas
Sachowe of Leycestre, chaplain, to William Ymber of Sapcote, gentylman, of all their right in
two gardens lying
together in the parishes of St Peter and St Michael the Archangel, Leycester. in a lane called le
Jayle halle lane.
Four seals (one a fragment). 653. 1472 (12 Edw. IV), 20 Sept. Leycester. Grant and confirmation
by Robert
Sawer of Leycester, fletcher, and Agnes his wife, to Roger Wygston of Leycester, merchaunt, and
Thomas
Swyke of the same, draper, of a barn with a garden annexed thereto, situate in the parish of St
Peter,
Leycester, in a lane called Kirklane, between the land sometime of John Base on E., and the land
of the hospital
of St John. Leycester, on W., and the said lane called Kirklane on S., and the land sometime of
Thomas
Maundeuill and the land sometime of John Wragby on N., the which barn and garden the
grantors, together
with Ralph Furnesse, late of Leycester, draper, now deceased, lately had of the gift and feoffment
of Margaret
Fryday and Agnes Fryday, the daughters of Ralph Fryday and Agnes his wife. To hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Warranty. See Nos. 641 643. 
LEICESTER Witnesses: Robert Raulot, John Reynold, William Holbech, Richard Gyllot, John
Wygston, John
Wyllimot, Thomas Palett, of Leycester. Dated: in tempore maioratus predicti Rogeri Wygston.
Two seals.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Roberti Sawer et vxoris ejus facta Rogero Wygston et Thomae
Swyke de orrio et
gardino in Kyrklane. 654. 1473 [13 Edw. IV). 15 Nov. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by
William Chaynell of
Leycestre to Alan Sauey, chaplain, John Wyllimot, and John Roberdis of Leycestre, draper, of
two messuages
situate together in le Canke, Leycestre, between the garden of the friars minor on W. and the
tenement of
Thomas Wygston on E., and extending from the king's way to the king's land of his duchy of
Lancaster; the
which premises the said William lately had of the gift and demise of Thomas Sachewe,
chaplain.* To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Raulot, mayor; Peter Curtes, bailiff, Robert
Sheringham,
Roger Wygston, John Reynold, William Holbech, John Dawes. Seal. Endorsed in late hand:
Charta Willelmi
Chaynel fact. Alano Sauey capell. Johanni Willimot & Johanni Roberdes duorum mess. in le
Cank. 655. Same
date. Leycestre. Letters of attorney of William Chaynell of Leycestre, draper, empowering Symon
Beke and
Thomas Roberdes of Leycestre, jointly and severally, to enter into two messuages, situate in le
Canke,
Leycestre, between the garden of the friars minor on W. and the tenement of Thomas Wygston on
E., and
extending from the kings way to the king's land of his duchy of Lancaster, and to deliver seisin
thereof to Alan
Sauey, chaplain, John Wyllimot, and John Roberdis of Leycestre, draper, according to the force,
etc. of the
charter of the said William. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Lit. attornat. facta per W. See No. 618.
Thomas
Sachewe'e charter is missing. 

368 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Cheynel ad deliberand. seisinam duorum mess. in le Canke Alano Sauey & al. 656. 1477 117 Edw. IV). 24 May. Acknowledgment of bond by Henry Badeley of Colshull in Ardern, co. Warwick tayllour, and Agnes his wife, daughter and heir of William Asty. late of Leycestre, to John Wygston of Leycestre, in £40, to be paid at Michaelmas following. Seals gone. Endorsed: (l) The condicyon of this obligacyon is suche that if so be that herry Badeley and Agnes his wyf withyn bounden or any of their heires in any tyme comyng herafter vex troble or do to be vexed or trobled be any manere meanJohn Wygston withyn writen or his heires or assignes of and for certeyn tenementes the whiche the forseid John Wygston has bought of the forseid Harry and Agnes in Leycestre as in a deade made by theym to the saide John more pleynly appereth that then this obligacyon stande in his strenketh and vertu or elles be had for voyde. (2) In later hand: Obligat' Henr' Badeley & uxor' eius loh'i Wigston. 657. 1477 117 Edw. IV), 30 May. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Henry Badeley of Colshull in Ardern. co. Warwick. tayllour, and Agnes his wife, daughter and heir of William Asty, late of Leycestre, to John Wygston. Roger Wygston, Ralph Pecche, and Richard Preston, all of Leycestre, of all the lands, etc., of the said grantors in the town and suburb of Leycestre. To hold to the said John. Roger. Ralph and Richard, and the heirs and assigne of the same John, of the chief lorde, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Peter Wynewode, mayor; Peter Curteys, bailiff: William Holbeche, John Parsons, John Robardes, John Frysley. John Welymot, John Albon. One seal : one gone. Endorsed in late hand: Charta Henr. Badely et Agn. vx. eius fil. et hered. W. Asty: de omnibus terr. et tent. suis redd. et reuersion. in villa Leic. aut suburb. fact. Johanni Wigston et aliis. See Nos. 610ó612. 
LEICESTER 658. Same date. Leycestre. Letters of attorney of Henry Badeley of Colshull in Ardern, co. Warwick, tayllour, and Agnes his wite. daughter and heir of William Asty, late of Leicester, empowering Ric ard Randyll and John Byllyng. coniunctim et diuisim, tr leliver seisin to John Wygston, Roger Wygston, Ralph Pecche, and Richard Preston, all of Leicester, of all the lands, etc., of the grantors in the town of Leycestre or in the suburb of the same, according to the force, etc., of a charter thereof made to the same John, etc. Witnesses: Peter Wynewode, mayor; Peter Curteys, bailiff; William Holbeche. John Parsons, John Robardes, John Frysley. John Welymot, John Albon. Two seals. Endoraed in late hand : Litt' attornat Henrici Badeley et vxoris eius ad deliberandum seisinam Johanni Wigston et aliis terrarum et tenementorum in Leic et suburbiis. 659. 1478 117 Edw. IV), 1 August. Leycestre. Demise and confirmation by Alan Sayue of Leycestre, chaplain, and William Bekyngham of the same, taillour, to Thomas Wygston. Roger Wygston and John Wygston, merchaunts. di a mesnuage in Leycente, bjung bevueen ihe maiken called Swynesmarket and Shepemarket in length', and in breadth between the tenement of John Belgraue and that of the gild of Corpus Christi; and of three gardens in Leycestre, to wit. one garden in the tenure of Robert Shylyngham, and two in the tenure of John Wylymote, lying next a lane called Coucane, bedueen dhe tenementa ot dhe nuid hohn Uymon on both aides. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Appointment of John Goldeson and John Newton as attorneye to deliver netum et dhe premines. Witnesses: Thomas Totheby, mayor: Peter Curteys, bailiff; John Raynold the elder, Robert Shylyngham, William Holbech. Two scals. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Alani Sayue & Willelmi Beckingham facta Thome Wigston, Rogero Wigston & Johanni ton: De memungo in loro porconum de vilbua Cansiunia uxta Cowlane. Cf. No. 378. 

370 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 660. 1478 [18 Edw. IVI, 1 Dec. Confirmation,
release and quitclaim by
Thomas Asteley, late of Woluey', gentil. man, to Thomas Wygston, Roger Wygston and John
Wygston,
marchaunts, of a messuage in Leycestre lying between the markets called Swynsmarket and
Shepesmarket in
length, and the tenements of John Belgraue on one side and those of the gild of Corpus Christi on
the other in
breadth. and of three gardens in Leycestre, to wit, one in the tenure of Robert Shylyngham, and
two in the
tenure of John Wylymot, lying next a lane called Cowelane, between the tenements of the said
Thomas
Wygston on both sides, and abutting upon the holding of the said John Wylymot and John Grene,
curriour,
which, by charter bearing date l August 1478 (18 Edw. IV), Alan Sayue, chaplain, and William
Bekyngham
granted to the said Thomas, Roger and John to hold for ever. Seal. Endorsed in late hand :
Confirmatio chartae
Alani Sayue de tribus Gardinis iuxta Cowlane & al' per Thomam Astley vnacum relaxacione
eiusdem Thome.
661. 1480, 1 July (Octaves of St John Baptist, 20 Edw. IV) Westminster. Final concord, before
Thomas Bryan,
Richard Chokke. Thomas Littelton and Richard Neel, justices. between Amy Gillot, plaintiff, and
Thomas Halle,
esq. and Cecily his wife and John Wodward and Alice his wife deforciants, of a messuage in
Leycestre in the
parish of St Margaret, Leycestre, without the south gate. The plaintiff gives to the deforciants ú20
sterling.
661A. Counterpart of same. 662. 1480 (20 Edw. IV). 20 Nov. Leycestre. Grant by Richard
Fraunceys of
Hauerbergh, yoman, and Elizabeth his wife, who was the wife of Henry Leycestre, to William
Ryngold of
Leycestre, of a croft situate in the parish of St Margaret, Leycestre, called Normandye, between
the land of the
new collegiate church of St Mary, Leycestre on N. and that of Richard Mapurley on S., and
extending towards a
little way called a commen balk' on W. and the great field on E. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Wolvey. Warwicks., 8 miles N.E. of Coventry. 
LEICESTER Witnesses: John Wygston, mayor; Peter Curteys, bailiff; Richard Preston, John
Albon, Nicholas
Mason. Two seals. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Ricardi Fraunceys & vxoris ejus facta
Willelmo Reignold de
Crofto vocato Normandye. 663. Same date. Leycestre. Letters of Richard Fraunceys of
Hauerbergh, co. Leic.,
yoman, and Elizabeth his wife, who was the wife of Henry Leycestre, appointing Robert Croft,
deputy of Peter
Curteys, bailiff of Leycestre, their attorney, to deliver seisin to William Ryngold of Leycestre of a
croft situate in
the parish of St Margaret, Leycestre, called Normandye, between the land of the new college of
St Mary,
Leycestre, on N., and that of Richard Mapurley on S., and extending towards a little way called 'a
commen balk'
on W., and the great field on E. Witnesses: John Wygston, mayor; Peter Curteys, bailiff; Richard
Preston, John
Albon, Nicholas Mason. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Litt Attornat' Ricardi Fraunceys et vxoris
eius ad
deliberandum seisinam Willelmo Reignold, de Crofto vocato Normandye. 664. 1480-1 (20 Edw.
IV). 4 Jan.
Leycestre. Grant by William Ryngold of Leycestre, to Thomas Kebeel, Thomas Totheby, and
John Peny,
cardmaker, of a croft situate in the parish of St Margaret, Leycestre, called Normandye, between
the land of
the new college of St Mary, Leycestre, on N., and that of Richard Mapurley on S., and extending
towards a little
way called 'a commen balk' on W., and the great field on E. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: John Wygston, mayor; Peter Curteys, bailiff; Richard Preston, John Albon, Nicholas
Mason. Seal
gone. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Willelmi Ryngold facta Thome Kebel & aliis de Crofto
vocato Normandye.
665. 1481 [21 Edw. IV). 20 June. Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by William Burdet, late of
Leycestre, and
John May of the same, mercer, to Thomas Davy of Leycestre, grocer, of all their right in a
messuage situate
upon the corner 
372 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS in Galowtregate and Humberstongate, without
the east gate in the
suburb of the said town, between the tenement late of Ralph Furnes on S. and that late of Thomas
Radclyf on
N., the which the grantors had of late, together with the said Thomas Davy, of the gift and
feoffment of Robert
Chirch. late of London, grocer. Witnesses: John Wyggeston, mayor; Peter Curteys. bailiff; Robert
Sheringham,
John Persons, John Roberdys. Endorsed : (1) Thomas Dauye of Leicestr (2) Relaxacio Willelmi
Burdytt & Ricardi
May facta Thome Davie vnius messuagii scituati super Corneriam de Gallow tree gate &
Humberstoune gate,
etc. 666. 1481 121 Edw. IV), 1I Nov. (St Martin the bishop), Leycestre. Grant by Nicholas Bakon
of Leycestre,
fyssher, to Walter Dyetson of Leycestre, clerk', of a piece of land in the east suburb of Leycestre,
lying in a
street called Belgraue gate, between the land of the college of St Mary on E., and the land of the
said Nicholas,
late of Thomas lle, on W., and extending from the said street on N. to Barkeby lane towards S.
Also of another
piece of land in the said suburb, lying between the land late of Henry Broughton on E., and that
late of Thomas
lle on W., and extending from Belgrauegate to the land late of the said Thomas lle. The which
pieces the said
Nicholas, together with William Beuer, had of late of the gift and feoffment of Nicholas Coke,
late of Leycestre,
fyssher, and Juliane his wife. Also of a piece of land in Longe Crofts, Leycestre, lying between
the land late of
John Palmer of Croxton on N., and that of the dean and chapter of the new collegiate church of
St Mary,
Leycestre, now in the tenure of the grantor, on S., and extending from Barkeby lane to the field of
the bishop
of Lincoln, the which the said grantor of late had of the gift and feoffment of the said Nicholas
Coke. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Peny, mayor; Peter Curteys, bailiff; William
Holbeche, John
Roberdes, Thomas Totheby, of Leycestre. Seal. 'Canon of the Newarke college and prebendary of
the tenth
prebend. 1476-1506. 
LEICESTER Endorsed: Feoffamentum Nicholai Bakon fact. Waltero Dyetson Clerico de tribus
peciis terre in
Belgravegate. 667. 1482, 25 April [St Mark the evangelist, 23 Edw. IVI. Leycestre. Grant by
Emmot Bakon,
sometime the wife of William Wright, and late the wife and relict of Nicholas Bakon, late of
Leycestre, in her
pure widowhood and lawful power. to Thomas Burn, Bartholomew Lyon, Richard Erdyngton,
and John
Burnysshton of Leycestre, skynner, of three gardens lying together in the town of Leycestre,
whereof two lie
together in the parish of St Peter, Leycestre, between the land late of St John's Leycestre, now of
the dean and
chapter of the collegiate church of St Mary of the Newarke, Leycestre, on E. and the land of
Thomas Bower on
W., and extending from Jeyall lane on S. to the close and lands of Thomas Palett and William
Couper; and the
other garden lies in the parish of St Michael, Leycestre, between the land of Thomas Palett and
that of William
Couper; the which premises the said Emmot of late had, together with William Wryght,
sometime of Leycestre,
her husband, now deceased, of the gift and feoffment of William Ymber of Sapcote, gentylman.*
To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Penney, mayor; Peter Curteys, bailiff; William
Holbech, John
Roberdes, Peter Wyndewode, of Leycestre. Piece of seal. 668. 1483 [1 Rich. III), 26 July.
Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation by Thomas Innocent of Leycestre, bellfounder. to John Wyggeston, Robert Croft,
and Thomas
Hurst, puterer, all of Leycestre, of all his lands, etc., in the town and suburbs of Leycestre. To
hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Roger Wyggeston, deputy of Peter Curtes. mayor; John
Roberdys, William
Holbech, Peter Wynwod. John Alboon, of Leycestre. Seal. *There is an error in the date, as the
23rd year of
Edward IV. ended on 9th April. 1483. But the right date is undoubtedly 22 Edw. IV., as the
names of the mayor
and bailiff indicate. See No. 652, which relates to two out of the three gardens. William Ymber'e
charter is
missing. 
374 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Endorsed in late hand: Charta Thome lnocent
facta Johanni Wigeston
per nomen omnium terrarum & ten. in villa & suburbiis de Leic. 669. 1485-6 [1 Hen. VIII, 24
Feb. Indenture
(English between John Roberdes of Leycestre, squier, and John Wygston of Leycestre,
marchaunt. Whereas the
said John Roberdes, for the sum of ú80, whereof he was paid on 2 Feb. 1484-5 (feast of the
Purification, 2
Richard III, 'of dede and not of right king of Englond'), sold to the said John Wygston a ground
with a horse-mill
thereon edified, set without the north gate of Leycestre, between the Walker lane on S. and 'the
commen
ballke on N., and extending from 'a commen way' on E. to the water of Sore on W., it is now
agreed that, if the
said John Roberdes, his heirs or assigns, pay or cause to be paid to the said John Wygston, his
heirs or assigns,
ú20 at the feast of the Purification next coming, ú20 at the feast of the Purification then after
following, and
ú20 at the feast of the Purification following then after, all bargains and covenants made before
the date of
these presents between the said parties shall be void, provided always that, in case of lack of
payment, the
said John Wygston shall have right of entry. Portion of seal. 670. 1488 [4 Hen. VII), 24 Oct.
Bond of John
Roberdes of Leycestre, esq., and John Roberdys of the same, his son and heir, to John Wygston
of the same,
merchant, in ú52 sterling, to be paid at Christmas next. Two seals. Endorsed in late hand :
Obligat. Johannis
Robertis patris & Jo. Roberdes filii fact. Johanni Wygston. 671. 1488-9 [4 Hen. VII), 2 Jan.
Grenewych. Indenture
(English) of delivery and demise at farm by John Lothyngton. esq., auditor of the king's honour
of Leycester,
parcel of his duchy of Lancaster, by the said king's counsel of the duchy aforesaid, to William
Shillyngham of
Leycester, by the said counsel, of a croft in Leycester in le Horsfeyre, lying between the land of
William
Shellinge on E. and that of John Roberds on S., and abutting upon Milnstonelane on N., and
extending from the
land of the Newarke of St Mary. Leycester on W.; 
LEICESTER the which croft was of late in the tenure of Robert Shellyngham, father of the said
William, now
deceased. To hold for the term of forty years from Michaelmas next, rendering to the king. his
heirs, their
ministers or assigns for the time being. four shillings at Michaelmas; with right of re-entry by the
king. etc., if
sufficient distraint cannot be found, for half a year s arrears of rent. The said William shall repair
and enclose
the premises during the said term at his own expense, and shall leave them so repaired and
enclosed. Seal
gone. Endorsed : Indentura pro termino Annorum expirat facta per Auditorem & Consilium
Domini Regis
Ducatus Lancastrie Willelmo Shyllingham. 672. 1490 16 Hen. VII), 4 Oct. Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation in
her pure widowhood by Alice Breteigne of the city of Coventre to Thomas Palet of Leycestre,
draper. of a
garden lying in Leycestre in the parish of St Michael between the land late of John Roberdes on
W. and the
lane which leads towards Blankewell on E., and the land of the dean and chapter of St Mary close
on N. and
the king'a way on S. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Roger Tryg. mayor;
Robert Orton,
bailiff; William Pekeshall of Leycestre. Seal. Endorsed in late hand: Charta Alicie Bretaygne
fact. Thomae Palet
de Gardino in Croftis sancti Michaelis. 673. Same date Jattached to foregoing). Letters of the
same Alice,
appointing John Wase and John Assheby of Leycestre her attorneys to deliver seisin of the
premises. Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Litt. Attornatt. Aliciae Breteign ad deliberand. seisinam Thome Pallett de
Gardino sancti
Michaelis. 674. 1494 [9 Hen. VII), 7 May. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by John Roberdys
of Leycestre,
sen., to John Wygston of the city of Coventre, merchant, William Wygston his son, and Richard
Gillot of
Leycestre, of two messuages situate together in le Canke, Leicester, between the garden ot the
friars minor on
W. and the tenement of Thomas 
 376 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Wygston on E., and extending from the king's
way to the king s land
of his duchy of Lancaster; the which the said John Roberdys, together with Alan Sauey, chaplain,
and Jobn
Willymot, deceased, lately had of the gift and feoffment of William Chaynell, late of Leycestre,
draper. To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Croft, mayor; Robert Orton, bailiff: Thomas
Swyke. Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Johannis Roberdes senior. fact. Johanni Wygston mercat. W.
Wygston fil. eiusd.
Johannis & Ricardo Gillott de duobus mess. in le Cank. 675. 1495 (10 Hen. VIII. 1 July.
Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation by John Roberdys of Leycestre, sen., to Roger Wigston of the same, merchant, of a
garden in the
crofts of St Michael, Leycestre, between the land late of Alice Breton, now of Thomas Palet, on
E., and that late
of Robert Kesteuon on W. and N., and the lane in the same place to S.; the which the said John
lately had of
the gift and feoffment of Thomas Davy of Leycestre, grocer." To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Appointment of John Assheby of Leycestre, grocer, as grantor's attorney, to take and deliver
seisin of the
premises. Witnesses : Thomas Hurst, mayor; Robert Croft, Thomas Swyke, Richard Gillot,
William Hill. Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Johannis Roberds facta Rogero Wigston de gardino in Croift.
sancti Michaelis.
676. 1495 [11 Hen. VII). 7 Oct. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Robert Waldegraue, late of
Leycestre,
taillour, to Walter May of the same, mercer, of 2s. and two hens of yearly rent in the south suburb
of
Leycestre, payable at the terms usual in Leycestre, to wit, from a messuage next the tenement of
the dean and
canons of the collegiate church of the Newarke of Leycestre on S. and the cottages of William
Fresley of
Leycestre. . To hold to the said Walter, his heirs and assigne, freely, etc. Warranty. See Nos. 654,
655. "See No.
648. Thomas Davy's charter is missing. See No. 582. 
LEICESTER 377 Witnesses: Andrew Langton, mayor; Robert Orton. bailiff: William Fresley of
Leycestre. Seal.
677. 1495-6 [11 Hen. VII). Leicestre. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Grene of Leycestre,
fraunkelyn, to
Thomas Hervy and Nicholas Mason of Leicestre, mercers. and Robert Brystall of Bruntyngthorp,
of all his lands
and tenements, etc., in the town of Leicestre, Bruntingthorp and the fields of the same, or
elsewhere in co.
Leicestre'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Andrew Langton, mayor; Roger
Wigston,
William Rowlat, of Leicestre. Seal gone. 678. 1495-6, 6 Feb. Leicestre. Delivery and demise by
Thomas Hervy of
Leicestre. Nicholas Mason of the same. mercers, and Robert Bristall of Bruntingthorp the
younger. to Thomas
Grene of Leicestre, frankelin, and Agnes his wife, of all those lands, tenements, etc., which the
said grantors
had of the gift and feoffment of the said Thomas Grene. To hold to the said Thomas Grene and to
Agnes his
wife in survivorship for the term of their lives, of the chief lords, with remainder to William
Grene their son and
the lawful heirs of his body, and successive remainder to Robert Grene their son and the lawful
heirs of his
body. Witnesses: Andrew Langton, Roger Wigston. William Rowlat, of Leicestre. 679. 1496 [12
Hen. VII), 13
Dec. Leicestre. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Palet of Leicestre, one of the burgesses of the
said town, to
Thomas Burges of Qweneborugh." Richard Calton of Leicestre, and Bartholomew Lyon of the
same, of a piece
of land lying in the parish of St Michael, Leicestre, between the land of the said Bartholomew on
W. and that of
sir Alexander Atkynson, chaplain, on E. and the land of Thomas Preston on S. and the king's way
on N. To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Rowlat, mayor; Robert Orton, bailiff;
Robert Croft, Richard
Gillot, of Leicestre. See Nos. 543, 549, 563, 589. ØQueniborough. 
378 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Seal gone. Endorsed: S. Michaelis. 680. 1501
116 Henry VII), 20 May.
Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Bartholomew Lyon of Leycestre to Walter May of three
gardens lying
together in the parishes of St Peter and St Michael of the town of Leycestre next Jayll lane', and
of a piece of
land lying in the parish of St Michael. between Jetc. as specified in No. 679). To hold to the said
Walter and hie
assigns of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Gybson, mayor; Robert Orton.
bailiff; Richard
Gyllot. Seal (fragment). Endorsed: Barteyllmew Leyhon (signature). 1501 117 Hen. VIII, 1 Oct.
Delivery and 681.
confirmation (indented) by Gerard Danet of Brounkingesthorp. co. Leicestre, esq., to William
Wigeston of the
town of Leicestre, merchant, son of John Wigeston, of six pieces of pasture lying in the south
fields of the town
of Leicestre; whereof four pieces lie in a place called le Horsfeyre, and the rest lie in a close of
the said William
adjoining the said place called le Horsfeyre; the which pieces descended to the said Gerard by
right of
inheritance after the death of John Danet his father. To hold to the said William, his heirs anc
assigns, for ever.
Power of attorney to Walter Maye to deliver seisin of the premises. Seal (fragmentary). Endorsed
in late hand :
Charta Indentat. Gerardi Danet fact. Willelmo Wigeston de sex peciis pasture en le Horsfeyr.
682. 1502 [17
Hen. VII). 5 July. Leycester. Release and quitclaim by Agnes Lyon, relict of the late
Bartholomew Lyon, in her
pure widowhood and lawful power, to Walter May of Leycester, of all her right in three gardens
and a piece of
land Jas specified in No. 680). Witnesses : Roger Trygge, mayor; Robert Orton, bailiff; Robert
Wall. Seal. See No.
667. 
379 LEICESTER 683. 1502, 28 Oct. [St Simon and St Jude, 18 Hen. VII) Leycester. Grant and
confirmation by
William Harryson of Oudeby, co. Leycester, to Agnes Lyon of Leycester, widow, of a tenement
with the garden
annexed situate in the suburbs of Leycester in le Belgrauegate, wherein the said Agnes now
dwella, and of a
croft as it lies in Normandy'; the which premises, together with others, the said William lately
had of the gift
and feoffment of John Penny, sen., of Melton Mowbray, bocher. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: William Fryshey, mayor; Robert Orton, bailiff; Roger Trygge, William Wygston, of
Leycester; Thomas
Burton. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Charta Willelmi Harryson facta Agnet. Lyon vx. Johannis
Penny de
tenemento gardino & ciofto in Belgravegate & Normandy. 684. 1503 [18 Hen. VII), 4 August.
Leycestre. Release
and quitclaim by John Penny of Melton Mowbray the elder. bocher, brother of John Penny, late
of Leycestre,
cardemaker. to Agnes Lyon of Leycestre, widow, late the wife of the said John Penny his brother,
of all his right
in all the lands, tenements, etc., which the said John his brother had in the town and suburbs of
Leicestre or
elsewhere within co. Leycestre. Warranty. Witnesses: Roger Tryg, mayor; John Dygby. kt.;
Thomas Brabason,
gent. Seal. 685. 1506-7 [22 Hen. VII), 20 March. Indenture (in English) of bargain and sale by
Robert Grene, son
of Thomas Grene, late of Leycestre, franklyn, to Walter May, of all his right, title and interest in
all such lands
and tenements as the said Thomas late had within the town and fields of Leycestre Jand
Brentyngthorp in the
county of Leycestre, and which lands Agnes, mother of the said Robert, holdeth for the term of
her life. To hold
to the said Walter, his heirs and assigne, for evermore. Estate to be made as by the counsel of the
said Walter
shall be at any time devised at Cf. Nos. 662 664. 
380 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS his costs and charges. The said Walter has paid
in hand such sum of
money as they be condescended and agreed of, Seal. Endorsed: Relax. Greyn. 686. Same date.
Bond of Robert
Grene, son of Thomas Grene, late of Leycestre, frankelyn, to Walter May in ú40, to be paid at
Christmas
following. Condition (endorsed): performance of bargains and covenants comprised in a pair of
indentures
between the said parties, bearing date as above, concerning the sale of certain lands and
tenements within the
town and fields of Leycestre and Brentyngthorp, co. Leycestre. Seal : simple queue. 687. 1511-12
[3 Hen. VIII),
22 March. Leycestre. Letters of William Gybson, citizen and cutter of the parish of St Margaret
in Lotheberye,
in the city of London, proctor and attorney of Milo alias Mylez Baynbrygge, administrator of all
and sundry the
goods which late were of Robert Thornbeke of Landysdale', Kendalman, wheresoever found
within the
province of Canterbury, by authority of William, archbishop of Canterbury', sufficiently and
lawfully
constituted, etc., to the effect that he has received and had, on the above date, of Thomas Smyth
of Leycestre,
draper, out of the goods of the said Robert Thornbeke, a horse of bay colour, two vessels
commonly called
ferkyns with treacle (tiriaca). and a piece of linen cloth of thirty yards, in the name of the said
Miles, wherewith
he acknowledges himself to be content and acquits the said Thomas. Seal. 6874. Same date.
Acknowledgment
by William Gibson. citizen and cutter of the city of London, of the parish of St Margaret in
Lothbery, by the
hands of Milicia Baynbrygge. from Thomas Smyth of Leycestre, draper, out of the goods of
Robert Thornbek,
late of Landisdale, Kendalman, a horse coloured bay, two fyrkyns with treacle, and a piece of
linen cloth of
thirty yards Piece of seal (simple queue). Lonsdale. "Kendalman"=cloth-merchant from Kendal.
William
Warham, archbishop 1504-1532. 
LEICESTER 688. 1512-3 [4 Hen. VIIII. 1 Feb. Quadripartite indenture of delivery and demise by
master John
Yonge, doctor of decrees, dean of the new collegiate church of St Mary, Leicestre', to Richard,
abbot of the
monastery of St Mary in the meadows' and the convent of the same, and to Richard Gillot, mayor
of the town
of Leicestre, and the burgesses of the same, of a dwelling-house with the adjoining garden, built
of late and
enclosed with stone walls by William Wygeston the younger, merchant of the staple of Calais,
situate within
the precinct of the walls of the said college, between the dwelling-house and garden of Thomas
Wygeston,
clerk now one of the prebendaries of the said college of the prebend called the thirteenth
prebend', on E., and
the way that leads to the castle of Leicestre on W., and extending from the churchyard of the said
college on S.
to the garden of the poor, called the Bedehouse garden, on N. To hold for the term of 99 years to
the use of
William Gyllot, master in arts', and William Fyssher, chaplains of the chantry in the same college
lately
founded, which is called the chantry of William Wygeston in the collegiate church of blessed
Mary of the
Newarke of Leicestre, and their successors, as the mansion and habitation of the same chaplains
and their
successors, rendering therefor yearly to the said dean and canons and their successors during the
said term a
red rose at the Nativity of St John Baptist. Warranty. Broken seal of the dean and chapter. 689.
1512-3 [4 Hen.
VIII), to March. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by William Grene, frankelen, son and heir of
Thomas Grene,
deceased, to William Wygeston, jun., Richard Gyllott, Walter Maye, Richard Eire, William
Gillott, clerk, William
Fyssher, clerk, Robert Gaddisby, Robert Vepound, Roger Gyllott and Robert May, of a piece of
land in Leycestre
lying between the land of the gild of Corpus Christi in the parish of St Martin, Leycestre, on E.,
and the land of
the said William Grene on W., and containing in breadth on N. 18 feet, and on S. 49 feet, and
extending in
length 132 feet by standard, to wit, from the lane called Seint Fraunces lane on S. to the land of
Richard
Lowthe on N. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Dean from 4 Jan., 1512-3, to 1515.
Richard Pexsall,
abbot 1509. *He held thie prebend 1501-1537. "Afterwards prebendary of the twelfth prebend in
the Newarke
college, 1515-1548. 
 382 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses : Richard Gillott, mayor; Robert
Orton, bailiff: Thomas
Hurste, Richard Reynold, John Reed. Endorsed in late hand: Charta Willelmi Grene fact.
Willelmo Wigston &
aliis de pecia terre parcell. nunc scitus hospital. 690. Same date. Release and quitclaim by Robert
Grene, son of
Thomas Grene, deceased, to William Wygeston, jun., Richard Gillott, Walter Mey, Richard Eire,
William Gillott.
clerk, William Fyssher, clerk, Robert Gaddisby, Robert Vepound, Roger Gillott and Robert Mey,
of all his right in
a piece of land in Leycestre, which lies between the land of the gild of Corpus Christi in the
parish of St Martin,
Leicester, on E., and the land of William Grene, the grantor's brother, on W., and contains in
breadth on N. 18
feet by standard, and on S. 49 feet by standard, and extends in length 132 feet by standard, to wit,
from the
lane called Seint Fraunces lane on S. to the land of Richard Lowthe on N. Seal gone. [The deed
has been begun
at the present foot of the parchment, but this was abandoned after the opening words, which are
now on the
inside of the fold made for attaching the seal.) Endorsed in late hand : Charta relaxacionis
Roberti Grene fil.
Willelmi Grene fact. Johanni et Willelmo Wigston et ceteris feoffat. predicti Willelmi Grene de
pecia terr. nunc
parcell. scitus hospit. 691. 1512-3, 14 March [Monday after St Gregory the pope, 4 Hen. VIII.)
Final concord,
made in the king s court of Portmote of the town of Leycestre, before Richard Gillot, mayor,
Miles Lambard,
Richard Reynold, Walter Mey Richard Eyre, John Reed, Thomas Smyth, and Robert Harward,
burgesses,
between William Wygeston, jun., demandant, and William Grene, late of Leycestre, frankelen.
son and heir of
Thomas Grene, late of the same, deceased. deforciant, concerning a piece of land in Leycestre,
lying between
the land of the gild of Corpus Christi in the parish of St Martin on E. and the land of the said
William Grene on
W., and containing in breadth 18 feet by standard, and on S. 49 feet by standard, and extending in
length 132
feet by 
LEICESTER standard, to wit, from the lane called Seynt Fraunces lane on S. to the land of
Richard Lowthe on N.,
whereof a plea of covenant was summoned between them in the same court. The said William
Grene
recognised the said piece of land to be the right of the same William Wygeston, and confirmed
and ratified it
to him, to hold of the chief lords, etc., with warranty. And for this recognition and concord
William Wygeston
gave the said William Grene 40 shillings. Endorsed in late hand : Finis inter Willelmum Wigston
peten. and
Willelmum Grene deforc. de pecia terre nunc pecia scitus hospital. 692. 1513 15 Hen. VIIII. 12
May. Leycestre.
Grant and confirmation by Richard Gyllott, mayor of Leycestre, John Wayzs and Walter May,
masters or
wardens of the gild of Corpus Christi in the church of St Martin, Leycestre, to William
Wygeston, jun., Thomas
Wygeston, clerk, Roger Wygeston and William Fyssher, clerk, of all those lands and tenements
situate and lying
next the churchyard of the said church of St Martin, between the tenement called le Vekerage on
N. and the
lane called Seint Fraunces lane on S., and extending from the said churchyard on E. to a piece of
land, late of
William Grene and now of the said William Wygeston, on W. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Signed:
per me Rycardum Gyllott. per me John Wayzs. per me Waltir Mey. Three seals. Endorsed in late
hand : Charta
magistrorum sive gardinar. (sic) gilde Corporis Christi sancti Martini Leic Willelmo Wigston et
aliis de omnibus
terris inter le Vicar' & St Frauncys Lane. 693. 1513 (5 Hen. VIII), 12 May. Release and quitclaim
by Richard
Gyllott, mayor of the town of Leycestre, John Wayzs and Walter May, masters or wardens of the
gild of Corpus
Christi in the church of St Martin, Leycestre, to William Wygeston the younger, Thomas
Wygeston, clerk, Roger
Wygeston, and William Fyssher, of all their right in all the lands and tenements situate together
and lying next
the churchyard of the church of St Martin between the tenement called le vekerage on N. and the
lane called
Seint Fraunces lane on S. and extending from the churchyard on 
384 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS E. to a piece of land late of William Grene, now
of the said William
Wygeston, on W. Signed: per me Rycardum Gyllot. per me John Wayz. per me Walt' May. Seals
gone. Endorsed
in late hand : Charta Relaxacionis sub sign' Gilde Corporis Christi Willelmo Wigston & aliis
feoffatis de terris &
tenementis inter le vicar' & St Frauncys Lane. 694. 1514 15 Hen. VIII), 7 April. Grant by
William Herryson of
Oudeby to William Ynge of Knyghton, Richard Robson of Oudeby, William Ratte of Leycester,
and Thomas
Fletchar of Knyghton of all his lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Knyghton, which
were late of
William Melborne, late of Habingdon', pewterer. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. The
grantor testifies
his personal presence and delivery of seisin according to the form and effect of the present
charter. Witnesses:
William Westys, Henry Palett, Thomas Foster. Seal gone. Endorsed: For Flechers lands in
Knyghton. 695. 1513
(5 Hen. VIII), 1 August. Release and quitclaim by William Canell to William Wygeston, jun.,
being in full and
peaceful possession, of all his right in two cottages situate together in Leycestre, to wit, in le
Canke. Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Relaxat. Willelmi Canell facta Willelmo Wigston Junior. de duobus
cottag. in le Canke.
696. 1514 16 Hen. VIII), 14 Sept. Acknowledgment of bond by William Wigston of Leycestre
the younger,
merchant of the staple of Calais, to Thomas Kent, gent., in ú20, payable at the feast of All Saints
next. Seal.
Endorsed: Paid by my broder Roger Wygston by aquytauns of Thomas Kent x li. Abingdon.
*See Nos. 654,
655, 674. 
LEICESTER 385 Item paid of thys oblygacion the xv daye of February by me Roger Gyllott vj
li. Item the laste
daye of Jully anno xv paid to Thomas Kent iiij li. Et sic eqe. 697. 1514 16 Hen. VIII). II Nov.
Acknowledgment of
bond by William Wigston, mayor of the staple of Calais, Roger Wigston, gent., and William
Daunce, citizen and
mercer of London, to Robert Dormer, gent., in ú260, payable at the Purification of St Mary.
Endorsed with
memoranda of receipt of two payments. Three seals. 698. 1514 [8 Hen. VIIII. 1l Dec. Indenture
(English)
between Margaret Belgraue, widow, late the wife of Thomas Wigston of Leycestre, merchant of
the staple of
Calys, and John Wygston, son and heir of the said Thomas and Margaret, of the one party, and
William
Wygston, son of John Wygston, marchaunt of the said staple, of the other, of the bargain and sale
by the said
Margaret and John to the said William, of three garden grounds in Leycestre lying in the parish of
St Martin,
between the ground sometime of the said Thomas, now of the said William on E. and the ground
sometime of
the said Thomas, now of Robert Orton, on W., and the grounds sometime of John Willymott and
of John
Grene, turnar, now of John Wase and John Clerk, on N., and the Kowlane on S.* Also of a close
in Leycestre,
lying in the parish of St Margaret between the grounds of the college of the Newark of Leycestre
on W. and the
grounds of the bishop of Lincoln and Elizabeth Chaundeler on E., and extending from the way
called
Humberstongate to the field arable of the said bishop on S. To hold, etc., for ever. Usual clauses.
Title-deeds to
be delivered before Easter. William agrees to pay ú21. Signed : per me Jhon Wygston. Two seals.
Endorsed in
late hand : Vendicio Margarete Belgrave et Johannis Wigston de tribus Gardinis iuxta Cowlane
&c. 699. 1514 18
Hen. VIIII, 11 Dec. Leycester. Bond by Margaret Belgraue, widow, sometime the wife of
Thomas See No. 660. 
 386 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Wygston of Leycester, merchant of the staple
of Calais, and John
Wygston, son and heir of the said Thomas and Margaret, to William Wygston the younger of
Leycester,
merchant, for the payment of ú30 at Easter following. Signed : per me Jhon Wygston. Condition
(endorsed):
fulfilment of the terms of the foregoing indenture. Seal gone. 700. 1514 18 Hen. VIII), 14 Dec.
Leycestre. Grant
by Margaret Belgrave, sometime the wife of Thomas Wygston of Leycester, merchant of the
staple of Calais,
now widow, to William Wygston the younger of Leycester, merchant of the staple of Calais,
master Thomas
Wygston and William Fyshar, clerks, of three gardens lying in Leycestre next Cowlane between
the land of the
said William on E. and that of Robert Orton on W., and abutting upon the holding of John Waze
and John
Clerke on N. Also of a croft lying in Leycester in the parish of St Margaret between the land of
the college of St
Mary of the Newark on W. and that of the bishop of Lincoln and Elizabeth Chaundeler, widow,
on E. in breadth,
and extending in length from a way called Humbrestongate to the arable field of the said bishop.
To hold, etc.
for ever. Warranty. Appointment by the said Margaret of John her son as her attorney to deliver
seisin of the
premises to the said William, Thomas and William. Witnesses: John Reed, mayor; Robert Orton,
bailiff; Richard
Gillott. Richard Reynold, John Waze, Robert Harwar. Endorsed in late hand: Charta Margarete
Belgrave
Willelmo Wigston luniori Thome Wygston & Willelmo Fysher eat heredibus Willelmi Wygston
facta de tribus
Gardinis iuxta Cowlane & aliis. 701. (8 Hen. VIII). 20 Dec. Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by
John Wygston,
son and heir of Thomas Wygston, late of Leycestre, merchant of the staple of Calais. to William
Wygston the
younger, Thomas Wygston and William Fyshar, clerks, and to the heirs and assigns of the said
William
Wygston, of all his right in the gardens and croft specified in the foregoing charter. 
LEICESTER 387 Witnesses: John Reed, mayor; Robert Orton, bailiff; Richard Gyllott, Richard
Reynold, John
Waze. Signed : per me Jhon Wygston. Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Relaxacio Johannis Wigston
de tribus
Gardinis infra Cowlane. 702. 1516 (8 Hen. VIIII, 4 Dec. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by
Walter Maye of
Leycestre to William Wygston, jun., merchant of the staple of Calais, master Thomas Wygston,
clerk, and
William Fyshar, clerk, of three gardens lying together in the parishes of St Peter and St Michael,
Leycestre, next
Jayll hall lane, and of a piece of land lying in the said parish of St Michael, between the land
sometime of
Bartholomew Lyon, now of the said Walter, on W., and the land sometime of Alexander
Atkynson, chaplain,
now of the house of St John, Leycester, on E., and the land sometime of Thomas Preston, now of
Nicholas
Purfraye, on S., and the king's way on N." To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the said William,
Thomas and
William, and to the heirs and assigns of the same William Wygston. Witnesses: John Reed,
mayor; Robert
Orton, bailiff; Richard Reynold, John Ware, Robert Harwar. Signed : per me Watus (sic) May.
Seal. 703. Same
date. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation of Walter Maye of Leycestre to William Wygston, jun.,
merchant of
the staple of Calais, master Thomas Wygston and William Fyshar, clerks, of a yearly rent of 2s.
and 2 hens in
the southern suburb of the town of Leycestre, payable at the usual terms, to wit, out of a
messuage there
situate next the tenement of the dean and canons of the collegiate church of the Newarke of
Leycestre on S.,
and (next) the cottages of William Frysley (on N.).* To hold to the said William. Thomas and
William, and to the
heirs and assigns of the same William Wygston (sic) for ever. Warranty. Witnesses: John Reed,
mayor; Robert
Orton, bailiff; Richard Gillott. Richard Reynold, Robert Harwar. Seal. 'See Nos. 680, 682. *See
No. 676. 
388 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Endorsed: annuus reddit. pro duobus sol. et
duabus gallinis pro domo
australi. 704. 1517-8, 10 Jan. Acknowledgment of bond (much torn) by Richard Hesketh, esq.,
and others, to
George Grey. dean', and the chapter of the new collegiate church of St payable at Easter next.
Mary, Leycestre,
in Condition: fulfilment of an indenture of the above date, Signature and endorsement. Three
seals (partial).
The signature appears to be that of Richard Hesketh. 705. 1518 (10 Hen. VIII), 23 April.
Leycester. Grant and
confirmation by Richard Gyllott of Leycester, mercer, to William Wygston of Leycester, jun.,
merchant of the
staple of Calais, Thomas Wygston, clerk, and William Fyssher, chaplain, of a messuage and a
close in Leycester;
the which messuage is situate without the south gate of Leycester, between the land of the new
college of St
Mary and the lane called Milnestonlane, and extends from the king's way to the land of the said
college"; and
the close lies in the eastern suburb of the said town, between the land late of John German on E.
and the land
sometime of Thomas Isle and the land of John Reynold on W., and extends from the king's way
called
Barkebylane to the land of the bishop of Lincoln.* To hold to the said William, Thomas and
William, and the
heirs and assigns of the said William Wygston, of the chief lords, etc. Warranty and power of
attorney to
Edward Bere, sen., to deliver seisin. Witnesses: Thomas Smyth, mayor; Richard Reynold,
Thomas Cotton, John
Rede, John Wase. Seal. Endorsed : (1) Notice of delivery of seisin in the presence of John
Shirwyn, John Grene
of Leycester, John Baker, Lawrence Baker, Thomas Ippon; (2) in late hand : Charta Ricardi
Gyllott de messuagio
extra Southgate et clauso in Barkylane (sic) facta Willelmo Wigston et aliis. 706. 1518 (10 Hen.
VIII), 24 April.
Indenture (English) of bargain and sale by Richard Gyllott of Leycestre, mercer, son Dean of the
Newarke
college 1517-1530. *See Nos. 629, 630. See No. 650. 
LEICESTER and heir of Richard Gyllott and Amy his wife, late of Leycestre, to William
Wygston of Leycestre the
younger, merchant of the staple of Calys, of 'a mese and a closse with thappurtenaunces in
Leycestre, the
which mese lieth without the Southgate of the Town of Leycestre between the land of the new
colege of
blessed Mary on the oon parte and the lane callyd Milnestonlane on the other parte, and
extendeth from the
kynges wey vnto the land of the said colege; and the forsaid closse lieth in the est suburb of the
said Town
between the land late of John German on the est parte and the land sum tyme of Thomas Isle and
the land of
John Reynold on the west parte, and extendeth from the kynges wey callyd Barkeby lane vnto the
land of the
Bysshop of Lincoln'. together with the evidences and muniments. To hold to the said William,
his heirs and
assigns, for ever. Richard will make good, sure and lawful estate in the premises before
Whitsuntide next:
William paying to Richard 20 marks of lawful money of England, of which Richard holds him
quit. Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Indentura vendicionis messuagii in Southgate et clausi in Barkby Lane
inter Richardum
Gyllott et Willelmum Wygston iuniorem. 707. 1519 [10 Hen. VIIIJ. 31 March. Leycestre. Grant
and confirmation
by William Grene of Lecestre, franklen, to John Yong. clerk, prior of Repton, Robert Bristall the
younger, and
Thomas Kinton, of all his lands, tenements, etc., in Lecestre, Brountingthorp and the fields of the
same,
Astynfauell', Stormworth', or elsewhere in co Leicestre". To hold of the said William and his
heirs for ever of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Richard Beston, mayor; Geoffrey Deyes, William
Shawe. Seal. 708.
1519. 4 April (Easter, 1I Hen. VIII.)' Lecestre. Grant and confirmation (indented) by John Yong.
clerk, prior of
Rippon (sic), Robert Brustall the younger, and Thomas Aston Flamville. *Stormsworth. "See
Nos. 677, 678.
William Grene followed the example of his father Thomas in putting these lande into feoffment
for purposes of
entail. "The regnal year should be 10, not 1 Henry VIII. The eleventh year did not begin till 22
April. 
 390 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Kinton, to William Grene of Lecestre,
frankelen, and Ellen his wife, of
all their lands, tenements, etc., in dry and wet in Lecestre, Brountyngthorp and the fields thereof,
Astynfauel,
Stormworth, or elsewhere in co. Lecestre, which they lately had of the gift and feoffment of the
said William.
To hold to the said William and Ellen for term of life in survivorship of the chief lords, etc., with
successive
remainders, if the said William and Ellen die without a lawful heir of their body, to Anthony
Grene, Thomas
Grene, and their lawful heirs respectively, and to the right heirs of the said William. Warranty.
Witnesses:
Richard Beston, mayor; William Shawe, Geoffrey Dayes. Two seals (no seal used): one gone.
709. 1519 (1I Hen.
VIIII, 16 May. Leycester. Grant and confirmation (indented), for the health of his soul and those
of his parents,
friends and benefactors, by William Wigston of Leycester, junior, merchant of the staple of the
town of Calais,
to God, blessed Mary, St Katherine, and St Ursula and her companions, martyrs, and to sir
William Fyshar and
sir John Thorpe, chaplains, and to the poor folk of the said William Wigston, of his hospital,
messuage,
tenement or house, called the hospital of William Wigston in the town of Leycester, in the county
of Leycester,
lying and situate in the parish of St Martin in the town of Leycester. next the churchyard of the
church of the
same parish, between the tenement called le Vicarage on N. and the lane called Saynt Fransis
lane on S., and
extending from the said churchyard on E. to a certain land of William Grene on W., lately built
and constructed
by the said grantor. To hold to the said chaplains and poor and their successors for ever.
Warranty. The said
grantor has delivered seisin of the premises to the said chaplains and poor in his proper person.
One part of
these indentures to remain with the said chaplains and poor, and the other part with the dean and
canons of
the new collegiate church of blessed Mary of Leycester. Witnesses: Richard Beston, mayor;
Robert Orton,
bailiff; Richard Reynold, Thomas Burton, Thomas Cotton, John Redde, Thomas Smyth. For the
site see Nos.
689-693. 
LEICESTER Signed: per me Willelmum Wygston juniorem manu propria. Armorial seal of
William Wigston.
Endorsed in late hand: altera pars chartae Willelmi Wigston fundat. hospit. 7094. 1519 (11 Hen.
VIII), 16 May.
Leycester. Counterpart of above deed, similarly signed and with armorial seal of William
Wigston. Endorsed :
(1) Carta hospitalis; (2) in late hand : Willelmi Wigston indentat. 710. 1520 (12 Hen. VIII). 15
June. Knyghton.
Grant by Joan Flecher, late the relict of Thomas Flecher of Knyghton, deceased, in her pure
widowhood and
lawful power, to Richard Brokesby, James Nicholson, and William Gillott, canons of the college
of blessed Mary
of the Newarke, Leicestre', of all her lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Knyghton.
To hold of the
chief lords, etc., to the use of the canons of the said college. Warranty. Seal. Endorsed: (1)
Evidencia pro terris
de Flecher in campis de Knyghton; (2) Ther were present when possession was takyn by master
Jamys
Nycholson and delyuerd by Johan Flecher in her own proper person to the said Jamys and in the
name of his
cofeoffes according to this dede, Thomas Midleton of Burton vpon Trent, Miles Godyshelue of
Leicester, John
Neyll of Knygton, John Colson of Wiggeston, John Fraunces of Leicester and other the day and
yere within
urriten. 711. 1520 [12 Hen. VIII), 7 Aug. Chapter house of the monastery of St Mary of the
meadows, Leicester.
Indenture of concord and composition between Richard Pekesall, abbot of the house or
monastery of St Mary
of the meadows of Leicester, and the convent of the same, on the one part, and master William
Wygeston of
Leicester, merchant of the staple of Calais, on the other, to the effect that, whereas the said abbot
and
convent and their predecessors, beyond the 'Richard Brokesby was prebendary of the sixth
prebend from
1519. and James Nicholson of the third prebend, 1512-1533-4. For Gillott see note on No. 688. 
392 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS memory of men. had a yearly rent of 9d. for a
chief rent from the
tenement sometime of John Belgrave, situate at the stair of the church in the street over against
the friars
minor within the town of Leicester, and sometime of Gilbert of Auenera. and before that of John
Norton, the
which tenement is now fallen to the ground and utterly removed, in the place of which tenement
an
almshouse has now been newly constructed, builded and set in order by the said master Willian
Wygeston : in
recompense and satisfaction of the said chief rent of 9d., and for the greater surety of the payment
of such
chief rent, with the consent and assent of the parties aforesaid, the said abbot and convent and
their
successors in future shall receive and have the said chief rent of 9d. from the capital tenement of
the said
master William Wygeston, situate in the market which is kept weekly on Saturday, wherein the
said master
William now dwells; from the which tenement the said abbot and convent and their predecessors
had, and
have at present, a chief rent of 3d. and a javelin hasta velox) called ly Flyght. The which sums in
all issuing from
the said capital tenement of the said master William now make a chief rent of 12d. to be duly
paid year by year
to the said abbot and convent and to their successors in future. Seal gone. Endorsed: (1) De
reddit. nouem
denariorum; (2) in late hand: Compositio inter abbat. & convent. Leic. et Rogerum (sic) Wigston
[de reddit. u.s.]
capiend. & solvend. de domo mansionali predicti Rogeri. 711A. 1520 (12 Hen. VIII). 7 Aug.
Counterpart of
preceding indenture. Seal gone. Endorsed as before. 712. 1521 (12 Hen. VIII), 31 March.
Leycester. Release and
quitclaim (indented) by Thomas Wigston, clerk. Roger Wigston. esq., Richard Eyr. William
Gillott, clerk. Robert
Gadisby, Roger Gillot. and Robert Mey, to sir William Fyshar and sir John Thorp his confrater,
chaplains, and to
the twelve poor men of the hospital of William Wigston in Leycester, of all their right, etc., in all
those lands
and tenements situate and lying together next the churchyard of 
LEICESTER the church of St Martin, Leycester, between the tenement called le Vicareg' and the
land sometime
of Richard Lowthe on N. and the lane called Sanct Fransis lane on S., and extending from the
said churchyard
on E. to the land sometime of William Grene on W. Seven seals. Endorsed in late hand : Charta
relaxat. feoffat.
Willelmi Wigston de terr. & tenement. nunc scit. Hospit. 7124. Counterpart, with variations
(Robert Gaddisby.
Roger Gillott. le Vicarage). Two seals. Endorsed in late hand : Altera pars Charte Relaxacionis
feoffat. ad vsum
Willmi Wigston de terr & Tenementis nunc scit. Hospitatal. (sic). 713. 1523 114 Hen. VIIII, 28
Feb. Leycester.
Indenture between the dean and chapter of the college of the new work of blessed Mary of
Leycestre on the
one part, and sir William Fyshar, master of the hospital of blessed Mary, of the foundation of
William Wigston,
merchant of the staple of Calais, and sir Richard Walche, his confrater, on the other. to the effect
that the said
dean and chapter have granted, delivered and leased to the said master and his confrater. a plot of
land lying
in the parish of St Peter, Leycestre, between the land of the said hospital on W. and that of
Thomas Purfraye,
esq., on E., and extending from the king's way on S. to the land of the said hospital on N. To hold
to the said
master and his confrater and his successors for 99 yeare next following the feast of the
Purification of B. V. M.,
A.D. 1522[3). rendering therefor yearly to the said dean and chapter and their successors, for all
rent and
service, 12d. at the feast of the Purification. Right of re-entry to the dean and chapter, if the said
rent be a
month in arrears. Seal of the dean and chapter of the new college (broken). 714. 1522-3 (16 Hen.
VIII), 14
March. Bond by John [Broulne, co. Leyc., carpentour, Thomas Bosse, baker, and William Br " to
the dean and
canons of the collegiate church of St Mary, Leycestre, in ú30, payable at Michaelmas next. 

CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Condition: observation of covenants specified in a pair of indentures of the above date. Seal gone Endorsed: Obligacio Johannis Brovne pro molendinis noui operis. 715. 1523-4 115 Hen. VIIII, 26 January. Leycestre, Grant and confirmation by Agnes Rubley, sometime the wife of John Peny, late of Leicestre, cardemaker', to William Rubley of Leicestre, draper, of a tenement situate in Belgraue gate without the east gate of the town of Leycestre, now in the tenure of John Hoo; and of two closes lying next Belgraue gate, whereof one close lies opposite the chapel of St John Baptist in Belgraue gate, and the other lies behind the house of Helias Warde next the common path which leads to le Sanpytt. To hold of the chief lorda, etc. Warranty. Power of attorney to Richard Stookys to deliver seisin of the premines. Witnesses: Richard Reynold, mayor; Robert Orton. bailiff; Edward Alsop. Richard Bell, Christopher Clough. Seal. Endorsed in late hand: Charta Agnetis Rubley facta Willelmo Rubley de vno tenemento et duabus clausuris in Belgrauegate. 716. 1523-4 (15 Hen. VIII), 22 Feb. Indenture (English of bargain and sale by William Grene of Repton, son and heir of Thomas Grene, frankelyn, sometime of Leycestre, William Wigston the younger of Leycestre, merchant of the staple at Cales, of ítwo mese places lying in the hygh strett of Leycestre, with all the lands, meadows, etc., pertaining to the same in Leycestre, Brunkyngesthorpe, or in the fieldi of the same or elsewhereî, and with all title deeds, witl warranty. Estate to be made before Lady day next. Existing occupants to be feoffers to the use and behoof of the said William Wigston. Title deeds to be delivered before Lady day. All incumbrances discharged except chief rents. The said William Wigston will pay £34, viz. £14 at the sealing of these presents, and the remaining £20 Michaelmas next. Cf. No. 684. "See Nos. 707, 708. 
LEICESTER Mark of William Grene in the form of a quarterly shield with letters in three quarters. 717. Same date. Acknowledgment of bond by William Crene of Repton, son and heir of Thomas Grene, sometime of Leycestre, to William Wigston the younger of Leycestre, merchant of the staple of Calais, in £40. payable at the feast of the Annunciation next. Signed : per me Willm Grene. Condition (endorsed): fulfilment of covenants made in a pair of indentures bearing date 22 Feb. 15 Hen. VIII. 718. 1523-4, 24 Feb. (15 Hen. VIII). Leycester. Grant by William Grene of Repton, son and heir of Thomas Grene. sometime of Leycester, to William Wigston the younger merchant of the staple of Calais, master Thomas Wigston and master William Gillott, clerks, of all his messuages, lands. tenemente, etc. in the town and fields of Leycester and Brounkysthorpe by Leycestre, which of late descended to him of hereditary right after the death of his father. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Appointment of Richard Fynye and Thomas Dawkyns as attorneys to deliver seisin. Signature: per me, with quarterly shield, the letters W.G. in the chief quarters. Seal. 719. 1524 (16 Hen. VIII), 6 June. Leycester. Grant anc confirmation by William Rubley of Leycester and Agnes hi wife, sometime the wife of John Penny of the same, carde maker, to William Wigston of Leycester, jun., merchant of the staple of Calais, Thomas Wigston, clerk, and William Gillot, clerk. of a croft lying in the parish of St Margaret. Leycester, called le Normandye, between the land of the new college of St Mary. Leycester, on N., and that sometime of Richard Maperley on S., and extending towards a little way called the common balke on W., and the great field on E'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Reynolde, mayor; Robert Orton. bailiff; Thomas Cotton, John Reyde, Roger Gillot. Ses Nos. 662-664, 683. 

396 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Round seal : the other gone. Endorsed in late
hand: Charta Willelmi
Rubley et vxoris eius facta Willelmo Wigston et aliis ad ven predicto Willelmo Wigston de
Crofto in Normandy.
720. 1524 [16 Hen. VIII), 8 Oct. Leicester. Grant and confirmation by William Wigston of
Leicester, jun.,
merchant of the staple of Calais, to sir William Fischar and sir Richard Welsche, chaplains, and
to the poor folk
of the hospital of William Wigston in the town of Leicester, of a croft in the parish of St
Margaret, Leicester,
called le Normandie, between the land of the new college of St Mary, Leicester, on N., and that
sometime of
Richard Mapurley on S., and extending towards a little way called le Comyn Balke on W and the
great field on
E. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty and notice of personal delivery of seisin. Per me
William Wygston
juniorem Leycestrie in manu propria. Round seal with grantor's arms. Endorsed with (1)
memorandum of
delivery of seisin on 24 Oct., 1524, in the presence of master Richard Brokisby, dean of
Hastynges', sir Thomas
Evington, vicar of St Martin s, Leicester, John Shore, John Hardy, Henry Jenkynson, chaplain,
Thomas Hawll,
Hugh Barlowe, William Standische, William Salisbery; (2) The dede of Rubleys Close in
Normandye; (3) (in late
hand) Charta Willelmi Wigston iunioris capellanis et pauperibus hospitalis, etc., de Crofto in Le
Normandy. 721.
1525, 25 Sept. [Monday after St Matthew, 17 Hen. VIII.J. Final concord made in the king's court
of Portmot
within the liberties of the town of Leycester, before Henry Gyllott, mayor, Richard Reynold, John
Waze,
Thomas Cotton, Thomas Burton, Roger Gyllott. Edward Alsoppe and William Tebbe, burgesses,
between sir
William Fyshar, master of the hospital of William Wygston, jun., of Leycester, and sir Richard
Walshe,
confrater, of the said hospital, and the poor of the same, demandants, and the said William
Wygston and
Agnes his wife, of Leycester, defendants, concerning a messuage and six cottages in the town of
Leycester See
No. 710. 
LEICESTER and the suburbs thereof, whereof a plea of covenant was lately summoned between
them in the
same. The defendants recognised the said tenements to be the right of the demandants, and
confirmed and
ratified the same to them in the same court, to hold of the chief lords, etc., with warranty.
Endorsed : Finis
levat' de vno mess. et sex cott. in villa et suburbiis Leic. inter magistrum hospitalis W. Wygston
et ipsum W. et
Agnetem vxorem eius deforciantes. 721A. Counterpart of the above, with endorsement : Finis
levatus coram
Maiore & Burgensibus ville Leicestrie inter magistrum Hospitalis W. Wigst. & dictum W. Wigst.
& vxorem eius
de vno messuagio & sex cottagiis in Leicestria. 722. 1527 (19 Hen. VIIII, 20 Aug. Leyc'. Release
and quitclaim by
Thomas Wigston and William Gillot, clerks, to William Fissher and Richard Walshe, chaplains
of the hospital of
William Wigston, jun., of Leicester, and to the poor folk of the same, of all their right in all the
messuages,
lands, etc., in the town of Leicester and in the fields of the same and Brownekyngisthorpp by
Leycester, which
the said Thomas and William lately purchased and had, together with the said William Wigston,
of the gift and
feoffment of William Grene of Repton and Robert Grene his brother. Per me Thomam Wygston.
Per me Wyllm.
Gyllott. Two small round seals. Endorsed : Release of Leycestre and Brownekyngesthorp. 723.
1529 (21 Hen.
VIII), 24 Sept. Acknowledgment of bond by Thomas Hasulrigge of Nosely, esq., to William
Wigston the younger
of Leicestre, merchant of the staple of Calais, in ú140, payable at Christmas next. Signed: per me
Thomam
Hesilryg. Seal. Condition (endorsed): fulfilment of agreement specified in a pair of indentures
bearing date of
these presents. 724. 1532, 26 Oct. Leicester. Acknowledgment by Robert Pachet, LL.B.,
commissary and official
of the archdeaconry of Leicestre, of the receipt from the dean and See No. 718. 
398 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS chapter of the college of the Newarke,
Leicestre, of 50 Ø, sterling, by
name of the yearly pension due to the reverend father and lord, the lord John', bishop of Lincoln,
for the
indemnity of the churches of Higham Ferrers, Irencestre" and Raunds, at the feast of the Nativity
of St John last
past. Also of 13 s. 4 d. for the church of Granysley' due at Michaelmas last. Also of 5 s. due to
the archdeacon
of Leicester at Michaelmas term. Remains of seal upon outer fold. Endorsed : Acquietancia pro
episcopo Linc'.
725. 1532, 1 Dec. Acknowledgment by Thomas Wodyford. prior of the cathedral church of B.M.
Couentry, of
receipt from the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of the Newarke, Leycestre, of 26s. 8d.
of an annual
pension for the indemnity of the church of Duffield' appropriated to them. Seal (simple queue).
726. 1533, 4
October. Chapter house, Lincoln. Acknowledgment of receipt by the dean and chapter of the
cathedral church
of B.M. Lincoln, from the dean and chapter of the new collegiate church of B.M. Leicestre, of
53s. 4d. by reason
of an annual pension from the following appropriated churches, viz. for the church of Irncestre,
20s., for the
church of Heghamfreys' 13s. 4d., for the church of Randes', 13s. 4d., and for the church of
Cranesley, 6s. 8d.,
due from the same at Michaelmas last past. Seal gone (simple queue). Endorsed : Leicestre, liijs.
iiijd. 727.
1535-6 (27 Hen. VIII), 1 February. Indenture of lease by Walter Broune, master of the hospital of
master
William Wigston of Leycestre, merchant, etc., and sir Thomas Thorpe, clerk, his fellow, to Roger
Gillot, burgess
of Leycestre, of a close in the Ded lane within the parish of St Peter of Leycestre, sometime
belonging to
Thomas 1John Longland, bishop of Lincoln 1521-1547. 2lrchester, co. Northants. Cransley. co.
Northanta.
Duffield, co. Derby. in the diocese of Coventry and Lichfield. *Higham Ferrers. *Raunds. 
LEICESTER Innocent, belfounder', being betwixt the ground of the king on W., and that of
Nicholys Raynold,
called his bedehouses, on E., and extending from the king's highway to St Peter lane, for 31 years
from the
Purification next, at a yearly rent of 3s. payable at the same feast. Right of entry and distraint for
a month's
arrears of rent. The lessee to repair and maintain the premises. Seal. Endorsed: indenture of mr
Roger Gyllot.
728. 1536, 1 Sept. Receipt (autograph) of William Towghe from master Thomas Wygston and
master Wylliam
Gyllot, executors to master Wylliam Wygston, of the bequest of the said master Wylliam
Wygston, the sum of
40s. Endorsed: Wm. Towghe. 729. 1536 [28 Hen. VIII), 1 Oct. Leicestre. Acknowledgment of
bond by Henry
Barns, grocer and citizen of London, and Joan his wife, to dame Agnes Wigston of Leicestre, late
the wife of
William Wigston of the same, merchant of the staple of Calais, deceased, and special executrix
of his last will,
and to Thomas Wigston, William Gillot, Robert Pachet and Walter Broune of the same, clerks,
executors of the
same will, in ú30, payable at the feast of All Saints. Signed : per me Harry Barnis gr: per me Jane
Bernes.
Condition (endorsed): payment to Henry Barns, son to the said Henry and Jane, of ú20 at such
time as the said
Henry their son shall be at lawful age, which ú20 was bequeathed to him by master William
Wigston, etc., late
departed. Endorsed: Henry Bernes. Two seals. 730. 1536-7 (28 Hen. VIII), 14 Jan.
Acknowledgment by Roger
Wigston, esq., of the receipt from dame Agnes Wigston, widow, late wife and executrix with
others of the last
will and testament of his brother Willyam Wigston, late merchant of the staple of Calais,
deceased, of the sum
of Cf. No. 668. 

400 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS £100, in full payment of £200 bequeathed and given by the last will and testament of the said brother. Signed: per me Rogerum Wigston. Seal impressed. Endoraed : My Broder Roger Wigston quitans. 731. 1538 (30 Hen. VIIII. 7 Dec. Westminster. Letter. patent under the great seal, with inspeximus and exemplifica tion of a decree made by the chancellor and council of the Court of augmentations of the revenues of the Crown, and recorded and enrolled therein, to the effect that in Michaelmas term, to wit, on 29 Nov., 30 Hen. VIII., William Fyssher, chaplain. John Thorpe, chaplain, and the twelve poor men of the hospital of William Wygston the younger of Leycester exhibited in the same court an indenture, under the conventual seal of the friars minor of Leycester, and prayed that it be allowed them. The said indenture, bearing date 20 July, 1520 (12 Hen. VIII), made between Alan Bell, the warden, and the conven of the aaid friara minor on the one part, and the said chaplainand poor men on the other, witnesses that the said warden and convent, with the consent and good pleasure of the reverend father, brother Richard Brynkeley, doctor o theology, provincial minister, and the provincial chapter of the same order, have granted, delivered and demised to farm to the said chaplains and poor men and their successors, garden lying within the limits of the same house of friars minor next the lane called Seynt Frauncis lane on N., and extending from the same lane southwards in breadth 85 feet and in length from E. to W. II5 feet. To hold for the term of 100 years, with renewal every 100 years, rendering yearl to the said warden and convent and their successors 4s. a Easter or within 14 days thereof, with right of distraint to the said warden and convent for arrears of a month, and righ of re-entry if the rent is half a year in arrear. Warranty. Sealed by the warden and convent, and by the said provincial minister. After due examination, the said indenture was allowed to the petitioners, with the proviso that, if hereafter it should be duly proved before the said chancellor and council that the aaid chaplains and poor men ought not to have and enjoy it. this decree should be null and void. 
LEICESTER Great seal of Henry VIII in yellow wax: a fragment at top left-hand corner broken off. Endorsed : (1) Willelmus Fyasher et Johannes Thorpe capellani et al.; (2) in later hand : John Croyte, esq.; (3) in another later hand: Grant of St Francis Garden. 732. 1544 (36 Hen. VIII.) 6 July. Indenture (English) of lease by Walter Browne, clerk, master and warden, sir Thomas Thorpe. clerk, chaplains, and the poor men of the new hospital of William Wygston in Leicestre, to Thomas Davinport of Leicestre, merchant of the staple at Callis, of one close in the horse fair side called the tenter close, in the holding of Rychard Wallkar, sherman, and of a garden, a yard. and a little house in the Cow lane, in the holding of Nicolas Carter, for 81 years from Michaelmas next, at a rent of 22s. 8d., viz. 16s. at the Purification for the close, and 6s. 8d. at Michaelmas for the garden. etc. Right of distraint for two months atrears of rent. The lessee undertakes repaira, with right to lop and crop wood in the said close. garden and yard. Per me Thomas Dauynport. Seal, with merchant's mark. 733. N.d." Right wurshipfull Broder in my full loving maner ! Recommende me vnto you, prayeng you to master Provost for my neybour John Turnour of Draycote. v. li. which do owe hym, and that ye will cause master provest to make you a bill of his hand of the receyte of the aaid v li. in partie of payment of an obligacion of xxiiij li. xiiij a viij d whereof iiij li. was payed by John Turnour at martinmas and nowe by your hands v li. and s0 is rest of the said obligacion xv li. xiiij s viij d' and that ye will desire master provest to contynewe atill good master vnto the said John Turnour For he is an honest true pore man. And or it be long to l must be bold to borowe more money. For nowe is the chefe tyme of all the yere for me to occupie that pore stocke that l haue or can make for byeing of woll And thus to our lord I commytt you Written at Wolston the morowe after Saynt Anne daye. vour lovyng Broder Roger Wigston. A copy of the letter written to Thomas Wigston by his brother Roger inted on p. 52.

402 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS XII. NORTON AND GALBY. 734. 1296, 13
June (Wed. after St
Barnabas, 24 Edw. 1.) Galby. Grant and confirmation by Richard le Forester of Galby to John
son of Hugh at the
Church of Ilviston, of half an acre of arable land with the holms lying in the fields of Galby, viz.
in a tillage called
Longemur, between the land sometime of William the smith and that of Maud Knyt, for a sum of
money which
the said John has given in hand. To hold of the chief lord of the fee, his heirs or assigns, to the
said John, his
heirs or assigns, or to whatsoever person or persons he will give, sell, assign, or bequeath it in the
last days of
his life in his testament, well, in peace and in heritage, without any gainsaying, rendering therefor
yearly to the
chief lord of the fee, etc., the due service to so great a tenement appertaining, for all services, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: William the smith, Richard le Yoth, Richard Knyt, of Galby; William son of Mary.
Hugh at the Church,
of Ilviston. Seal gone. Endorsed: dimidia acra in le longmor. 735. 1316, 21 Dec. (Tues., St
Thomas the apostle,
10 Edw. II.] Norton. Release and quitclaim by Adam, son of Simon of Norton, to Hugh, son of
Robert Coudelou,
of all his right in a messuage in the town of Norton, and in all the lands, tenements, etc., which
sometime were
of Richard, son of Hugh of the same. Witnesses : Robert, lord of Norton, Robert his son, Ralph
son of Robert,
Robert son of William, Henry le Barkere, Henry Aunfrey, William Toteuey. Seal gone.
Endorsed: relax. fact. per
Adam Norton Hugoni Coudelowe. 736. 1316-7, 1 Feb. [Tues. after the Conversion of St Paul, 10
Edw. II) Norton.
Grant by Juliane Houwet, sometime the wife of Henry Robyn of Westnorton, in her pure
widowhood and liege
power, to Maud, wife of Robert Coudelou, and Hugh her son, of all her plot with the buildings
lying in the town
of Norton next the king's way, between the tenement of Lawrence of Brantyngthorp and that of
John of 
NORTON AND GALBY Norton. To hold of the chief lord, etc., rendering and doing to the chief
lord of that fee
the services due and accustomed. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert son of Robert the lord of Norton,
Robert son of
William, Henry le Barker, Henry Aunfrey, William son of William Hulle, William Toteuey.
Robert Toteuey, all of
the same. Seal gone. 737. 1356-7, 31 Jan. (Tues. bejore the Purification, 31 Edw. III.] Norton.
Grant and
confirmation by Robert of Gourmundle and Maud his wife to John Attehalle of Little Stretton
and Athaline his
wife, of all the lands, tenements, etc., which the said Robert and Maud had of the gift and grant
of Robert of
Norton in Norton, Galby and Little Strettone. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Nicholas
Combuslowe, Thomas Robyn, Nicholas Palmere. Seals gone. Endorsed : Carte Robt Gurmondle
et Maud sa
femme fact al John Athall anno 31¯ E.3. 738. 1367-8, 4 Jan. (Tues. bejore Epiphany, 41 Edw.
III.) Norton. Grant
and confirmation by Robert Loteby of Stretton and Alice his wife to John, son of John Attehall,
and Agnes his
wife, of a plot and three roods of land in Norton, which were sometime of Ralph Robyn, brother
of the said
Alice. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John atte Hall, Hugh of Houghton,
Robert Bate,
Hugh Coudelowe, Robert son of Robert. Seals gone. 739. 1367-8, 6 Jan. JEpiphany, 41 Edw. III.)
Norton. Grant
and confirmation by Robert son of Robert of Norton to John son of John atte Halle of Stretton
and Agnes his
wite of all lands, tenements, meadows, grazings and pastures, with their appurtenances, of the
chief lords, etc.
sic). Warranty. Witnesses: William Leure, Thomas Mercer, Hugh Coudelwe, Nicholas Palmer,
Thomas Robyn, of
Norton. Cumley. 

404 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Seal. Endorsed: Carta Robertus Norton facta Johanni atte Halle anno 41∞ E.3. 740. 1368. 30 April (Sunday, eve of St Philip and St James 42 Edw. III.] Norton. Grant and confirmation by John of Braunston and Margaret Ward. wife of the said John, of Nortun, to John at Halle, son of John at Halle, of all their lands and tenements in the town and fielda of Nortun by Galby. To hold of the chief lorda, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John at Halle, William son of Robert, of Little Strettun; Thomas Mercer. Robert son of Robert, Nicholas Palmer, of Nortun. Two seals. Endorsed : Johannes Braunston et Margareta vxor eius conc. Johanni atte Halle. 741. 1368. 25 May (Thurs., eve of St Austin the apostle 42 Edw. III.) Nortun. Release and quitclaim, in her pure maidenhead, by Alice, daughter of John son of John o Nortun, to John at Halle, son of John at Halle, of all the lands and tenements in the town and fields of Nortun which the same John at Halle has of the gift and feoffment of John of Braunston of Nortun and Margaret, mother of the said Witnesses: William Liuir, lord of Norton; Thomas Mercer, John Haunffrey, Hugh Cowdlow, Robert son of Robert, of Nortun. Endorsed: Alic. de Norton relax. Johanni atte Halle. 742. 1368, 17 Sept. [Sunday after the Exaltation of the Holy Cross, 42 Edw. III.) Norton. Grant and confirmation by John atte Halle of Stretton' to William, son of John Eyrik. parson of the church of Irnham', and Robert Reue of Little Stretton, of all his lands, tenements, etc., in Norton by Galby. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Leuere, lord of Norton; Hugh of lle the elder : see No. 737. ílmham, ohn atte H. Thie and Crant Lincs..b 
NORTON AND CALBY Houghton, of Little Stretton; Robert son of Robert, Hugh Coudelow. Thomas Mercer, of Norton. Seal gone. Endorsed: Norton. 743. 1370, 9 June (Sunday, Trinity, 44 Edw. III.) Grant and confirmation by Hugh Coudlowe of Norton to John Coudlowe his brother, of all his lands and tenements in the town and fields of Norton'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert son of Robert, Thomas Mercer. Nicholas Palmer, Thomas Robyn, John Aunfrey, of Norton. Part of seal. 744. 1401, 4 Oct. [Tues. after Michaelmas, 3 Hen. IV Norton by Galby. Grant and confirmation by John atte Halle of Galby to master William of Newehalle, canon of Lyche feld', sir John Ryppeleye, rector of Galby, sir William Cosyngton, vicar of Norton, sir John Coke, vicar of Lyche feld', and John Palmer of Houghton, of all the lands and tenements which the said John atte Halle had of the gift and feoffment of John atte Halle his father, the which were sometime of Robert son of Ralph. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Skeffyngton. John Mercer, John Carter. John Burton. Edward Hykke, of Norton. Seal gone. Endorsed : Johannes atte Hall conc. aliis. 745. 1406. 10 August [Tues., St Lawrence, 7 Hen. IV. Norton. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Cowdelowe of Norton by Galby to sir Thomas Benet of Oudeby and master John of Oudeby, archdeacon of Derbyí, of all the lands. 735. Ochervise eed leheld from . de t ehe . e 
406 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Norton, which deacended to him by right of inheritance after the decease of John Cowdelowe his father. To hold of the chief lords. etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard of Sheffyngthon', John Palmer. John Mercer. John Carter, Robert Smythe. Endorsed: Carta Thome Coudlowe facta Thome Benet et aliis anno 7∞ H.4. 746. Same date. Norton. Letters of the same Thomas Cowdelowe, appointing John atte Alle of Galby his attorney to deliver seisin of the premises. Seal. 747. 1410, 17 November [Monday after St Martin the bishop, 12 Hen. IV.) Norton. Grant and confirmation by John del Hall of Norton to masters Thomas of Stretton, dean of the cathedral church of Lichefeld' William Neuhagh. archdeacon of Chester. John Oudeby. archdeacon of Derby. Robert Heyne. chaplain. John Cook. chaplain. Thomas Heyne of Leycestre, and John Palmer of Norton, of all the landa and tenements which of late the said John del Hall purchased of Robert Hopkynson in Norton. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Mercer. Thomas Webster, John Hycchecokson, John of Burton. William of Burton. No seal. Endorsed : Johannes atte Halle concess. aliis. 748. 1416-7, 22 Jan. (St Vincent the martyr, 4 Hen. V.) Norton. Grant and confirmation by John att Halle, son of John att Halle of Norton by Galby, to John Palmer of the same and Margaret his wife. of all the lands and tenements wife. as they lie in the town and fields of Norton by Galby. which were sometime of John Braunston and Margaret his To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. c. 1381 (Le Ne e a vee nole 743. 25 ran from No. 744, and for Oudeby aee not 
NORTON AND GALBY Witnesses: John Marcer, Thomas Webster, John Tutvey. Richard Palmer, John Burton. 749. (Probably) 1417-8 15 Hen ti). 6 March Sunday after St Alban (sic), bishop and confessor.) Norton. Indenture of delivery at farm by John. son of John atte Halle of Stretton, to Margaret his daughter, of all the lands, tenements. etc., which he held of the gift and grant of John atte Halle his father in the town and fields of Norton by Galby. To hold to the said Margaret for the term of a hundred years next following the date of the making of these presents. rendering therefor yearly to the said John son of John, his heirs and assigna, 12d. silver at the three terms of the year usual in Norton by equal portiona, doing also therefor to the chief lords, etc., with upkeep. repair and maintenance of the premises during the said term. Warranty. Witnesses: William Skeffyngton. John Mercer. John Totevey. John Burton. John Atte Halle ... of Norton. Seal gone. Much torn. 750. 1418. 28 April (Thurs. bejore St Philip and St James, 6 Hen. V.) Norton. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Benet of Oudeby, vicar choral of the cathedral church of Lichefeld, to John Palmer of Norton by Galby and Margaret his wife. of all his lands, tenements, etc., which were aometime of Thomas Cowdelowe of Norton.* To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnessea: William Skevyngton. John Mercer, John Totevey, John del Lawes. John del Burton, all of the town of Norton. Seal gone. Endorsed: Carte Thome Benet fact. a John Palmer et Margaret sa femme anno 6 H.5ì. 751. 1428 17 Hen. VI). 22 December. Letters of John Skeffynton the elder. John Skeffynton the younger, and John Keggeworth of Leycestre, appointing Thomas Groue of Leycestre and Henry Eton of Stretton parua their attorneys. See No. 745. 
408 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS to deliver seisin to Mabel Kent of Kerebyí, of all the lande and tenements which the said John. John and John. together with Richard Straker, had of late of the gift and feoffment of Hugh Kent of Kereby, as in a charter of feoffment made to them thereof is more fully contained. Two seals. 752. 1433-4, 7 March (Mid-Lent Sunday, 12 Hen. VI.) Norton. Grant and confirmation by Margaret Palmar of Norton by Galleby, sometime the wife of John Palmar of Norton. to Richard Mayhow of Flekeney' and Margaret his wife, daughter of the said Margaret Palmar, of a messuage situate between the messuage called the demesne of Norton and the churchyard of the church of the said town, and of two virgates of land. with meadows, etc., to the said messuage belonging, and of all the lands and tenements, with meadow. etc., which sometime were of the said Margaret Palmar and John her husband in the town and fielde of Norton. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Howghton of Stretton; Thomas Marcer. John Halyday, Robert Page. John Webstare, of Norton. Fragment of seal. 753. 1452 [30 Hen. VI). 3 April. Norton. Grant and confirmation by Robert Newton of Belgraue to Robert Staunton of Casteldonyngton, John Thorp. Thomas Neell of Oston', and Thomas Newton of Belgraue, son of the said grantor, of all his lands, tenements, etc., which he has in the town and fields of Norton by Galby. the which, together with Bartholomew Brokesby, esq., and Richard Walssh, esq., he had of late of the gift and feoffment of Margaret Palmer of Stretton. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Nouerey, Thomas Mercer. Thomes Taillour, John Webster, of Norton; John Symes of Galby. Fragment of seal. Endorsed: Writinge of the Estate at Norton near Galby. 754. Same date. Norton. Letters of the same Robert Newton, appointing William Newton of Stretton his attorney Kirby Muxloe. Fleckney. *Owston. 
NORTON AND CALBY to deliver seisin of the premises to the said Robert. John Thorp of Leycester. Thomas Neell of Ouston, and Thomas Newton. Seal (broken). 755. 1456 [34 Hen. VI). 3 June. Norton. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Newton, son and heir of Robert Newton of Belgraue, to Robert Staunton of Casteldonyngton. John Thorp. Thomas Neell of Ouston, and William Newton. of all his lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Norton by Galby. To hold of the chief lorda. etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Nouerey, Thomas Mercer, Thomas Tayllour, John Webster, John Totevey, of Norton. 756. 1465 15 Edw. IV), 26 December. Blaston. Delivery and confirmation (indented) by Robert Staunton, late of Casteldonyngton, and Thomas Neell, late of Oston, to Thomas Newton, son and heir of Robert Newton, and to Margery his wife. of all their lands, tenements, etc., in the towna and fields of Blaston by Halloughton' and Norton by Galby. The premises in Blaston to hold to the said Thomas Newton and Margery, and the heirs of the body of the same Thomas lawfully begotten, with remainder, after the decease of the said Margery, to the right heirs of the said Thomas. The premises in Norton to hold of the chief lords, etc., to the said Thomas and Margery, their heirs and assigna, for ever. Power of attorney to William Hoton and John Bowes to deliver seisin of the premises. Witnesses: Richard Bate, William Bate, of Blaston; William Hylle of Hornyngwold; Thomas Gyssing of Slaweston, John Palmer of Halloughton. One seal : the other gone. 757. 1467-8 17 Edw. IV). 12 Jan. Acknowledgment of bond by Richard Mayhowe of Flekney to Thomas Newton. late of Belgraue. In £40, payable at the feast of the Funshendon nent. Condition : the said Richard and Margaret his wife shall abide by the arbitration of Thomas Chapman of Foxton and Hallaton. 

410 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Thomas Clay of Cranowe, their chosen arbiters,
and William Dand of
Galby and Richard Johnson, arbiters chosen on behalf of the said Thomas Newton, touching their
right, title,
possession and claim to a messuage, two virgates and three acres of land, the moiety of two
messuages and 24
virgates of land in Norton by Galby. Seal. 758. 1467-8 (8 Edw. IV), 22 March. Norton. Grant and
confirmation by
Thomas Neuton of Casteldonyngton to Thomas Trussell, kt., Richard Hastynges, William
Hasulrygg Robert
Staunton, John Fyldyng, esquires, Edmund Hasulrygg and William Houton, of all his lands and
tenements in
Norton by Galby. To hold of the chief lords, etc. [No warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Nouerey,
William Dande,
William Burton, John Webster, of Norton; William Dekyn of Frysseby. Seal. 759. 1488 [3 Hen.
VII). 20 April.
Norton. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Neuton of Casteldonyngton to Thomas Stoke, esq.,
Henry Neuton,
brother of the said Thomas Neuton, and Robert Neuton, son of the said Thomas. of all his lands,
tenements,
etc., in Norton by Galby. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Nouerey
of Norton,
Richard Kent of Kerby. John Norton. Seal gone. 760. Same date. Norton. Letters of the said
Thomas Neuton,
appointing John Saxby his attorney to deliver seisin of the premises to the said Thomas, Henry,
and Robert.
Witnesses as above. Seal fragmentary. 761. 1499 [15 Hen. VII). 12 December. Indenture
(English) of lease by
Elizabeth Kent the younger, wedue, and John Kent, her son and heir, to Robert Kyrke of Norton
beside
Gawdeby, of all their lands, tenements, etc., in Norton and the fields of the same', from
Michaelmas last past
for forty years, yielding the yearly rent of 43s. 4d. at the See No. 751. 
NORTON AND GALBY Purification, Pentecost and Michaelmas by even portions. Right of
entry and distraint for
a month's arrears of rent. The said Robert shall meet repairs, great timber excepted; but shall
carry the said
great timber and find the carpenters meat, drink and bed during the time that they be working of
the same.
Warranty. Seal gone. 762. 1502 (17 Hen. VIII, 30 March. Deed of John Kent. son and heir of
Richard Kent,
reciting that, whereas Elizabeth Kent. widow, his mother, late the wife of the said Richard Kent.
has and holds
all the lands, tenements, etc. in Norton by Galby, which lately were of the said Richard, for the
term of her life,
with reversion of the premises after her decease to the said John and his heirs, he grants and
confirma by this
his present writing the said reversion to John Turvyle, esq., and Katherine his wife, their heirs
and assigns. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. per me Johannem Kent. Seal (fragmentary). Endorsed :
Carta de terris et
tenementis de Norton. 763. 1502 [18 Hen. VIII, 22 August. Letters of John Kent, son and heir of
Richard Kent,
acknowledging the receipt from John Turvyle, esq., and Katherine his wife, on the day of the
making of these
presents, of 25 marks of lawful money of England, in full payment for the reversion of all the
lands, tenements,
etc., in Norton by Galby, which lately were of Richard, father of the said John Kent, and which
Elizabeth his
mother, late the wife of the said Richard, holds for the term of her life, with full acquittance. John
Kent. Piece
of seal. 764. 1503 [19 Hen. VIII), 7 Sept. Release and quitclaim by Elizabeth Kent. widow, late
the wife of
Richard Kent, to John Turvyle, esq., and Katherine his wife, of all her right in all the lands,
tenements, etc., in
Norton by Galby, which of late were of the said Richard. Warranty. Seal. 
412 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 765. 1510 [2 Hen. VIII), 26 August. Grant and
confirmation, in her
pure widowhood, by Katherine Turvell, widow, late the wife of John Turvell, esq., to Francis
Turvell her son, of
all her lands, tenements, etc., in Norton by Galby which now are in the tenure of John Kirke of
Norton. To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Power of attorney to John Wight, John Kirke, Edward Beyre,
John Lonte, and
John Talbot, to deliver seisin of the premises. This charter was sealed and delivered to the said
Francis by the
said Katherine as her deed in the presence of John Neuton, William Strete, John Orme,
serving-man of Ralph
Shirley, kt., John Wight, Roger Gibet, and William Cartewryght. Seal gone. 766. 1522-3 [14
Hen. VIII), 28 Feb.
Grant by master Robert Newton, master of Manton, co. Rutland', to William Wigston the
younger of Leycester,
merchant of the staple of Calais, master Thomas Wigston, master William Gillott and John
Shore, clerks, of
three messuages and 44 virgates of land, with all lands, etc. to the same belonging in the town
and fields of
Norton by Galby. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Appointment of John Moyare and
Robert Atkynsone
as attorneys to deliver seisin. Signed : per me Robertum Neuton. Endorsed : theys were present
when Robert
Atkynsone & John Moyre delyuered possession & seisin to sir John Shore to the vse & behoyff
of William
Wygston the zonger of Leycestre marchaunt of the staple at Calis. Sir John Whytmore prest.
William Zonge.
John Akyrke. Thomas Veynter. Raffe Poyte & other moo the days & zere wythin wrytten. 767.
Same date.
Indenture of bargain and sale by the said master Robert Newton to the said William Wigston of
three mese
places lying in Norton besides Galbye, with all the lands, etc. To hold to him, etc. for ever.
Warranty and II.e.
the chantry or college of a master and two prieste in the church of Manton. 
NORTON AND GALBY usual clauses. Estate to be made before the feast of the Annunciation
next. The said
William shall pay ú50 14 s., whereof the said master Robert by these presents holds himself
content. Seal. 768.
[15 Hen. VIIIJ, month of Easter. Final concord in the king s court at Westminster, before Robert
Brudenell,
Lewis Pollard, Richard Broke and Anthony Fitzherbert, justices, etc. between William Wygston
the younger,
Thomas Wygston, clerk, and William Gyllot, clerk, plaintiffs, and Robert Newton, clerk, master
of Manton, co.
Rutland, deforciant, concerning three messuages, 120 acres of land, 20 acres of meadow and 12
acres of
pasture in Norton by Galby. The said Robert has recognised the said tenements to be the right of
the same
William Wygston, as those which the said William, Thomas and William have of his gift, and
has quitclaimed
them and granted warranty; for which the said William, Thomas and William have given him
100 marks of
aluer. Endorsed: deliberatur per proclamacionem secundum formam statuti. 7684. Counterpart of
above,
endorsed Leyc'. Inter Willm Wygston Jun. & alios querentes. 769. 119 Hen. VIII), 25 May.
Leycester. Release
and quitclaim by Thomas Wigston, William Gillott, John Shore, clerks, to sir William Fyshar
and sir Richard
Walche, his confrater, chaplains, and the twelve poor men of the hospital of William Wigston the
younger of
Leycester, merchant of the staple of the town of Calais, of all their right in three messuages and 4
virgates of
land in the town and fields of Norton by Galdbye. To hold to them and their successors for ever.
Two seals.
Endorsed : Releas of Norton. 770. Sheet of paper, n.d. Thomas Bryggs clerk Jhon Bryggs
Richard Kyrke Jhon
Dawe senior of Galbe & Jhon Daue Junior wher present when possession was taken at Norton of
& in the lands
of ffeofment in Lecester shire 
414 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS according to the effecte of the dede of master
Thomas Wigston
clerke & here of master William Wigston of Leceycter merchaunt of the stapule of Calys. Hew
Renold of
Alyngton Thomas Fysher of Foston Richard Gye of Redmell wher present when possession was
taken at Foston
& Alyngton in Lincoln shire 1 also was ther present Jhon Thorpe of Syelle & William Thorpe of
Quenyburo.
Thomas Clarke Robart Goodwyn Hew Goodwyn of Swanyngton William Ewyn Wylliam Clarke
Thomas Clarke
Junior & Richard Clarke wher present when possession was taken at Hornyngloo in
Staffordshire. XIII. OADBY.
771. N.d. Grant, remission and confirmation by Richard the chaplain, son of Hugh, son of Adam
the clerk of
Outheby, to Richard Sauuey of the same, of 4 s. 52 d. yearly rent from half a virgate and the
fourth part of a
virgate of land, which the said Richard sometime held of William of Diggeby in the town of
Outheby, with all
the appurtenances and all his right in the premises, within the town of Outheby or without. To
hold of the said
grantor, his heirs or assigns freely etc., rendering therefor yearly a silver farthing at the feast of St
John Baptist
for all secular services, etc. Warranty. For this grant the said Richard Sauuey has given five
marks of silver in
hand. Witnesses: Robert Ulf, clerk, Richard upon the Hill, Adam Derling. Walter le Heyr,
William Ulf, Roger
Justice, Hugh Page, of Outheby. Seal gone. 77IA. Another copy (a draft) unsealed; handwriting c.
400, possibly a
late copy. 772. N.d. Grant and confirmation, with quitclaim, by Agnes Sauuey of Outheby, in her
free
widowhood and lawful power, to Richard Sauuey of the same, of her whole toft which she held
of the said
Richard, of the gift of William her father. To hold freely, etc., of the said Agnes, her heirs or
assigns. Warranty.
Witnesses: Robert VIf, clerk, Hugh Blacwyne, Roger 
OADBY Justise, Walter le Heyr, William VIf, Robert Blacwyne, Hugh Thurkyl, clerk. 773. N.d.
Grant and
confirmation by Roger Sumard of Outheby to Richard of Saluei, of Outheby, for his homage and
service and for
20s. paid in hand, of half an acre of land under Langemor, between the land of Robert VIf and
that of the said
Richard, and of a rood and a half upon Brockesole hul, between the land of the said Richard and
that which
was of Heymer le Munk. To hold of the said Roger and his heirs for ever, rendering therefor
yearly a penny on
St Martin's day for all services. Warranty. Witnesses: William Derling, Hugh VIf, Hugh David,
Adam of Glen.
Stephen the priest. Seal gone. 774. N.d. Grant, quitclaim and confirmation by Adam, son of
Roger Sumard of
Houtheby, to Richard of Sauuey and of the same, for homage and service and for 12d. silver paid
in hand, of
the premises as above (Brokisole hul for Brockesole hul]. To hold as before, rendering therefor
twopence on St
Thomas the apostle's day before Christmas for all services. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Ulf,
Adam Derling,
Hugh Ulf. Adam of Glen, lves Blacwin, Richard upon the Hill [super montem), Hugh Page. Seal.
Endorsed : Carta
R. Sauuey facta per Adam filium Rog. Summard. 775. N.d. Indenture of grant and confirmation
by Adam, son of
Robert of Houtheby, to Richard Sauuey of the same, of a selion from his croft, lying next the
garden of the said
Richard, and extending from the garden of Adam Hemeri to the lane, and a headland from the
said croft next
Michildic, extending from the said Richard's garden to the headland of Walter le Kyrkeby: in
exchange for half a
rood of land lying upon Timbyl between the land of Geoffrey Gund and that which was of Hugh
Daui, and
extending from the headland of Adam of Glen to the headland of Hugh Ulf. To hold of the said
Adam and his
heirs free of all services, etc. Warranty. 

416 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: Hugh Ulf. Robert of Glen. Roger Garlond, William Houtby, Roger Justise, Adam Derling. Hugh Page. Fragment of seal. Endorsed: Carta R. Sauuey facta per Adam filium Roberti clerici pro una selione de crofto suo. 776. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Agnes, daughter of Henry Page of Outheby, in her free widowhood, to Robert Daui of Outheby and Hugh his son, of a rood and a half o arable land in the east field, between the land of the said Robert and that sometime of Nicholas le Heyr, extendin, into le mideliste rigge wey. To hold, etc., of the chie loido, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Robert Ulf, Robert Sauuey, Robert le Heyr. Robert Hemeri, Hugh VIf. Roger... uel. Roger at Church. of Outheby. Seal gone. Endorsed: Carta Agnetis fil. Henrici Page de Outheby, relicte quondam Ricardi Pathisic (?). 777. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Amice, sometime the wife of Robert Sauuey of Outheby, in her free widowhood, to Agnes, Felice and Anabil, her daughters, of ter acres of land, with two roods of meadow lying in the great meadow, and with common of pasture pertaining to half virgate of land, and with all other appurtenances in the fieldi of Outheby. to wit, in the east field, a rood in to the Nestewelle springes, next the land of Roger Justice; half an acro upon le Dedemor, next the land of Robert Baroun; a rood and a half into Strettongate, next the land of Robert Norreys a rood and a half extending to the boundary of Striton and upon the headland of Robert Baroun, next the tenement os Robert Dauy: a rood extending in to Stoutonmor, next the land of Robert Outhi, extending upon the headland o William Sauuey; a rood and a half extending in to Brodesike. next the land of Robert Hemery; half an acre extending in t Horstonsikenethirhonde, next the land of Robert VII; half ar acre upon Smore, next the land of Richard Abbot, anc extending upon the headland of William Sauuey; a rood and a half in to Cromborousike, next the land of Robert Dauy In the south field, a rood and a half in to Foxlongsike, nexi 
OADBY the land of Robert Hemery; half an acre extending in to Clengate, next the land of Theobald son of Robert; half ar acre and half a rood extending in to Salt Riggewey, next the land of Robert Ulf: a rood in to Wirichegate, next the land os Hugh Suat; half an acre extending into Badfordale, next the land of Robert Daui: a rood and a half in to Badfordale, next the land of Robert VIf; a rood lying in Steteros, next the land of Alice Derlyng: a rood upon Timhull, next the land of John Townsend (ad finem ville), and extending upon the headland of William Sauuey; a rood and a half upon Middilhul, next the land of Roger Garland. In the north field, half an acre extending in to Holbrocouerende, next the land of Robert VIf; half an acre and half a rood in to Short Rigewi, next the land of Robert Hemery; a rood and a half in the Wattri, next the land of Robert Hemery; half an acre lying in the Wattri, next the land of Robert VIf: a rood and a half atte Halle Wal. next the land of Robert Thurkel; half an acre in to Striton mere, next the land of John Derlyng: a rood in to Holbroc next the land of Alice Derlyng: a rood of meadow, next the meadow of Robert le Eyr; and a rood of meadow lying nex the meadow of John at Town'a end. To hold to the said Agnes. Felice and Anabil for their whole life by service of a rose at the Nativity of St John Baptist for all secular service, etc., and doing by the said Amice and her heirs to the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert VIf. Robert Hemery, Hugh VIf. Robert le Eyr, John at Townís end, Roger Justice. Thomas the clerk. No seal. 778. 1379. 8 May (Sunday after the Invention of the Hol Crosa, 2 Richard II). Outheby. Grant by Robert Sauey o Outheby to Robert Somard of Outheby. of three acres oarable land in the fields of Outheby, of the which one acre lies in the north field; to wit. half an acre. next the land os Robert VIf. abutting upon that of William VIf. and the othe half upon the same tillage, next the land sometime of John Derling. And another acre lies in the east field, viz. half an acre and half a rood, next the land of Thomas of Outheby between Rugweyus; half a rood extends in to Smorslade, next the land of the said Thomas; and a rood in to Brodesike, next the land of Robert VIf. And in the south field an acre 

418 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS viz. half an acre in Sowslade, next the land of
Thomas de le Hul; and a
rood and a half into Sowslade, next the land of Thomas Sauey; and half a rood upon Middulhul,
next the land
of William Koc. To hold of the grantor and his heirs, Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Outheby,
Simon Blakwine,
Robert VIf. William VIf. John Pantre, John Wyte, of Outheby. Seal gone. 779. 1396, 29 Sept.
See No. 7964. 780.
1399, 19 October [Sunday after St Luke, 1 Hen. IV). Outheby. Grant and confirmation by
William of Seyton,
vicar of the church of Lilleborn', to Richard Byrche of Outheby, of all his lands and tenements in
the town and
fields of Outheby, with meadows, etc., which he held jointly with Hugh Dauyt of Outheby and
Joan Sawuey of
the same, of the gift and feoffment of Amice Sawuey of Outheby". To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: William VIf, Lawrence Derlyng, John Whyte, of Outheby; John Cokke, John Scotte,
of Lilleborn. Seal
gone. 781. 1400, 24 August (St Bartholomew the apostle, ! Hen. IV.). Owdeby. Grant and
confirmation of
Robert Byrch of Owdeby to Robert Brokesby, parson of the church of Owdeby, and Robert
Somard of the
same, of all his lands and tenements in the town and fields of Owdeby. To hold of the chief lords,
etc.
Warranty, under pain of ú20 to be levied to the king s alms. Witnesses: Roger Kooc, John
Gaylard, John Wyche,
Richard Campion, John Wynstlowe, Lawrence Derlyng. Seal gone. 782. 1411, 25 May. See No.
7964. 783. 1446,
18 Nov. See No. 7964. 784. 1463 [3 Edw. IV), 31 Oct. Cobham, co. Kent. Letters patent of Peter
Mason and
Roger Chypp, executors of Instituted 16 Jan., 1375-6 (Bridges, Hist. Northants I, 573). *Cf. No.
777. The charter
referred to here does not appear in this series. 
OADBY the testament of Roger Birche of Cobham, to the effect that, whereas the said Roger
Birche by his
testament or last will, made at Cobham, 12 April, 1463, willed and ordained that his tenement,
situate in the
town of Oudeby, with all lands, etc., and all their appurtenances, should be sold by his said
executors, the said
Peter and Roger Chypp, in fulfilment of the said will, have sold the premises to master William
Hobson, to hold
to him, his heirs and assigns, for ever. Witnesses: Richard Jeskyn the younger, Richard Gerdelar,
John Hale. Two
seals. 785. 1463 [3 Edw. IVI. 3 Dec. Ouhdeby. Delivery and confirmation by Roger Galyard and
Thomas
Plasterer of Ouhdeby to Peter Mason of Loddesdon', co. Kent, and Roger Chippe of Cobham, co.
Kent., assigns
and executors of Roger Birche, late of Cobham, William Hobson, clerk, John Yerisley, Robert
Holt, John Wharfe
of Cobham, Richard Dene of Mepham', co. Kent, John Reynold of Leycester and Thomas Belle
of Ouhdeby, of
all lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Ouhdeby, which the said grantors had of the
gift and
feoffment of the said Roger Birche, now deceased. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses:
Robert Kemp.
Thomas Foster, Thomas Passewater, Robert Tokeby, Richard Munk, of Ouhdeby. Two seals.
786. 1465, 2 June
[Pentecost, 5 Edw. IV). Oteby. Indenture of lease by Robert Dyssney of Holdecote', co. Bedford.
to John
Roberdis of Leycester, draper, of a yearly rent of lOs. payable from two messuages situate in the
town of
Oteby, viz. from one messuage late of John Oteby, 4s., and from one of John Becket, 6s., for a
term of ten
years, with remainder to the said Robert, his heirs and assigns. Warranty. Witnesses: John
Brokesby, William
Passewatur, Robert Clark, of Oteby. Seal. 787. 1467 17 Edw. IVJ. 1 Oct. Oudeby. Indenture of
lease by Robert
Dyssney of Holdecote, co. Bedford, to Roger 'Luddesdown. Meopham. *Holcutt, near Woburn. 
 420 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Wygston of Leycestre, marchant, of a yearly
rent of ten shillings
from two messuages situate in the town of Oteby viz. four shillings from a messuage now of
master Walter
Oudeby, clerk, late of John Oudeby, and six shillings from one of John Becket, which the said
Robert, by
indenture dated at Oteby, otherwise called Oudeby, on the feast of Pentecost. 5 Edward IV [2
June, 1465],
granted to John Roberdes of Leycestre, draper, his heirs and assigns, for the term of ten years,
with reversion
to the said Robert. To hold to the said Roger, his heirs and assigns, for the term of 89 years.
Warranty.
Witnesses: John Brokesby, gentilman, William Passewatur, Robert Clerke, Robert Couper,
(blank) Forster, of
Oudeby. Seal. 788. 1467 17 Edw. IVJ. 2 Oct. Bond of Robert Dyssney of Holdcote, co. Bedford.
gentilman, to
Roger Wygston of Leycestre, merchant, in ú10, to be paid at Christmas next, Condition (mostly
illegible)
endorsed. Seal gone : simple queue. 789. 1467 17 Edward IV), 20 Oct. Oudeby. Quitclaim by
Robert Dyssney of
Holdcote, gentilman, to Roger Wygston of Leycestre, merchant, of all his right in the rents
aforesaid. Warranty.
Witnesses as before. Seal. Endorsed: Capit. redd. de Oudeby. 790. 1471-2 (I1 Edw. IV). 20 Feb.
Quitclaim by
Peter Mason of Loddesdon, Roger Chippe of Cobham, John Yerisley and Robert Holt of
Cobham, Richard Dene
of Mepham, John Reynold of Leycestre and Thomas Belle of Ouhdeby, to William Hobson,
clerk. of their right
in all the lands and tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Ouhdeby. which they lately had,
jointly with John
Wharf, late of Cobham, deceased, and with the said William, of the delivery and confirmation of
Roger Galyard
and Thomas Plasterer of Ouhdeby by a charter of feoffment thereof made'. Six seals
(fragmentary). See No.
785. 
OADBY 791. 1472 (12 Edw. IVJ. 2 April. Ouhdeby. Grant and confirmation by William
Hobson, clerk, to Robert
Burdon of Hauerbergh', of all his lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Ouhdeby,
which were
sometime of Roger Byrche of Ouhdeby. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses:
John Brokesby,
John Gowdeby, Robert Clerke. John Amore, William Campion. Seal. 792. Same date. Letter of
William Hobson,
clerk, constituting John Gowdeby and Henry Rawsby his attorneys to deliver seisin of the
premises to Robert
Burdon of Hauerbergh. Seal gone (simple queue). 793. 1473 (13 Edw. IV). 20 May. Quitclaim by
William Smyth
of Oudeby to Robert Staunton, esq., John Fyssher, clerk, and Roger Wygston of Leycester,
merchant, being in
full and peaceful possession, of all his right in all the lands, tenements, meadows, grazings and
pastures in the
town or fields of Oudeby, which were late of Roger Byrche of the same, now deceased.
Warranty. Witnesses:
John Bekkett, gent., John Brokesby, gent., Thomas Foster, Robert Clerke, Robert Couper, of
Oudeby. Seal. 794.
1473 113 Edw. IV). 15 June. Ouhdeby. Grant and confirmation by Robert Burdon of Hauerbergh
to Robert
Stanton, esq., John Fyssher, clerk, and Roger Wygston of Leycestre, merchant, of all the lands,
tenements, etc.,
in the town and fields of Ouhdeby which he had of the gift and feoffment of William Hobson,
clerk'. To hold,
etc., of the chief lords. Warranty. Witnesses: John Waleys of Wygston, gent.; John Bekett. gent.,
John
Brokesby, gent., Thomas Foster, Robert Clerke, John Gowdeby, William Campion, of Ouhdeby.
Seal. 795. Same
day. Ouhdeby. Letters of Robert Burdon of Hauerbergh, constituting William White, chaplain,
and Market
Harborough. 2See No. 791. 
 422 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Robert Stratford of Leycestre his attorneys to
deliver seisin of the
premises to the said Robert Stanton, John and Roger. Seal. 796. 1473 (13 Edw. IV1, 20 June.
Owdeby. Grant
and delivery by Robert Clark of Owdeby and William White, late of Loughteborough, chaplain,
to Robert
Stanton, esq., John Fyssher, clerk, and Roger Wygston of Leycestre, merchant. of three acres of
arable land
lying in the fields of Owdeby, which the said Robert Clerk and William, together with John
Palmer, late of
Carlton Cotyngham, esq., Simon Kynnesman, late of Lodyngton, esq., John Waleys, late of
Wykyngeston, the
elder, Roger Gaylard, late of Owdeby, Richard Aldernes and William Barough, both late of
Loughteborough,
deceased, had of the gift and feoffment of Hugh Pake, late of Owdeby. To hold, etc., of the chief
lords
Witnesses: John Waleys of Wygston, gent., John Bekett of Owdeby, gent., John Gowdeby,
Thomas Foster,
Robert Clerke. William Campion, Robert Couper, of Owdeby. Two seals. 7964. Attached to this
is a parchment
with copies of three charters, viz. (1) INo. 779) 1396, 29 Sept. [Michaelmas, 20 Rich. II).
Oudeby. Grant and
confirmation by Robert Somart of Oudeby to sir Thomas de Remston, kt., John Skeffyngton and
Richard
Rolleston, vicar of Cosseby, of a messuage built in Oudeby and all his other lands, tenements,
etc., in the town
and fields of Oudeby : the which messuage lies in Oudeby between the land of master John at
Hall on N. and
that of Lawrence Derling on S., and abuts upon that of the said master John to E., and upon the
common way
to W. To hold. etc., of the chief lords. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Ulf, William Ulf. John
Pantre, John Gaylard,
Lawrence Derlyng, of Oudeby. (2) INo. 782) 1411, 25 May (Monday before Pentecost, 12
Oudeby. Grant and
confirmation by John Hen. IV.) Skeuyngton of Skeuyngton to Hugh Pake of Oudeby, of a
messuage lying in
Oudeby, next the messuage of Robert Ult on one side, and that sometime of William Gaylard on
the 
OADBY other; and eight acres of arable land in the fields of Oudeby with the pasture of one
great beast. To
hold, etc., of the chief lords. Warranty Witnesses: Robert Ulf, Nicholas Waleys, Thomas Ulf,
Roger Cook,
Richard Campion, of Oudeby. With seisin thereof delivered by virtue of letter of attorney. (3)
INo. 7831 1446
125 Hen. VI), 18 Nov. Owdeby. Grant and confirmation by Hugh Pake of Owdeby to John
Palmer of Carlton
Cotyngham, esq., and the other seven named in the charter of 20 June, 1473, above, of all his
lands and
tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Owdeby. To hold. etc., of the chief lords. Warranty.
Witnesses: John
Campion, William Devet the elder. Oliver Davy, Thomas Plasterer, Robert Kempe, of Owdeby.
Endorsed (in late
hand) : Odby. 797. 1473 113 Edw. IV). 21 June. Owdeby. Quitclaim by Katherine Bothe of
Owdeby, widow,
daughter and heir of Hugh Pake, late of Owdeby, deceased, to Robert Stanton. esq.. John
Fyssher, clerk, and
Roger Wygston of Leycestre, merchant, of all her right in the aforesaid three acres, which. among
other lands
and tenements, descended to her by hereditary right after the death of the said Hugh. Warranty.
Witnesses:
John Waleys of Wygston, gent., John Beket. gent., John Brokesby, gent., Thomas Foster, Robert
Clerke, Robert
Cowper, of Owdeby. Seal. 798. 1473 [13 Edw. IVJ. 6 October. Owdeby. Quit-claim by John
Waleys of Wygston,
gent., to Roger Wygston of Leycestre, merchant, of all his right in a piece of land lying in
Owdeby between the
land of the said Roger on one side and that of John Brokesby on the other, and extending from
the land of the
said John Waleys to the king's way, and of all his right in a silver farthing of yearly rent issuing
from a tenement
and certain lands in Owdeby, now of the said Roger. Witnesses: Robert Raulot, mayor of the
town of 
 424 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Leycestre; Peter Curtes, bailiff of the same;
Robert Sheryngham,
John Reynold, William Holbeche, of Leycestre; John Brokesby, Thomas (blank), of Owdeby.
Seal. 799. 1484 [1
Rich. IIII. 9 May. Odeby. Grant and confirmation by William Owey of Odeby to Roger Wigston
of Leycestre,
merchant, of a yearly rent of three shillings and three hens, issuing from a bovate of land in the
town and fields
of Odeby, with all his right therein, the which bovate is called Seyves thing. To hold, etc.,
rendering therefor to
to the said William and his heirs yearly a red rose on the feast of St John Baptist, if it is asked.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Robert Wodford, John Brokesby, gentlemen; William Paskall, Robert Clerk, of
Odeby. Seal. 800.
1501 (17 Hen. VIII, 7 October. Quit-claim by William Smyth of Slawston to Roger Wygeston the
elder of
Leycestre, merchant, of his right in all the lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of
Oudeby, which were
of Roger Birche of Oudeby, deceased. Warranty Witnesses: John Brockesby, gent., William
Harryson. Richard
Clerke, Richard Oye, John More, of Oudeby. Seal. 801. 1518 (10 Hen. VIII). 1 August. Indenture
of bargain and
sale by William Wygston the elder of Belgraue to William Wygston the younger, merchant of the
staple of
Cales, of all his lands, tenements, etc., in Oudeby. Estate to be made before Christmas. William
the younger
will pay ú33 68. 8d., of which ú20 is now acknowledged to be paid. Seal. 802. 1518 (10 Hen.
VIII), 2 August.
Delivery and confirmation by William Assheby, esq., and William Bolt, at the instance and
desire of William
Wygston the elder, son and heir of Roger Wygston, and in fulfilment of the last will of the said
Roger, to the
said William Wygston, of all the messuages, lands, tenements, etc., in Oudeby, whereof the said
William
Assheby and William Bolt, together with John 
OADBY Wygston and others, deceased, had, among other manors, lanes and tenements, of the
gift and
feoffment of the said Roger. To hold to the said William Wygston and the heirs of his body
lawfully begotten,
of the chief lords, etc., with successive remainders to Cecily, wife of William Vyllers, and the
heirs of her body
lawfully begotten, and to the next heir of the blood and name of the said Roger, his heirs and
assigns. Power of
attorney to Thomas lppon to deliver seisin. Two seals. On the tag of one the signature : William
Bolt. 803. 1518
(10 Hen. VIII), 4 August. Letters of William Wygston the elder, son and heir of Roger Wygston,
deceased,
constituting John Oxon his attorney to receive seisin of the premises. per me Wylliam Wygston,
sr. Seal Isimple
queue). 8034. A second letter to the same effect : the name of the attorney Jhoem Oxton' is
written in in
William Wygston the elder s handwriting. per me Wylliam Wygston, siour. Simple queue :
unsealed. 804. 1518
(10 Hen. VIIIJ. 20 October. Grant and confirmation by William Wygeston the elder, son and heir
of Roger
Wygeston, deceased, to William Wygeston the younger, Thomas Wygeston, clerk, and William
Fyssher, clerk,
of all his messuages, lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Oudeby. To hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Power of attorney to John Oxton to deliver seisin. per me Wylliam Wygston siour.
Seal. Endorsed :
Possessio voluntarie data et pacifice accepta in festo sancte Agnetis primo post meridiem anno
salutis 1518
hiis testibus Willelmo Eyre Johanne Bryghes. Roberto Whyte Roberto Pykk et Johanne Bonam et
multis aliis (21
Jan. 1518-191. 805. 1518 [10 Henry VIII.) A month from Michaelmas. Final concord in the
king's court at
Westminster before 
426 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Robert Rede, Richard Elyot, Lewis Pollard,
John More. justices,
between William Wygston the younger. Thomas Wygston, clerk, Roger Wygston and William
Fyssher, clerk.
plaintiffa, and William Wygston the elder, deforciant, of a messuage, 120 acres of land, 10 acres
of meadow,
20 acres of pasture, and lOs. rent with the appurtenances in Oudeby, whereof a plea of covenant
was
summoned between them in the same court; to wit, that the said William the elder recog. nised
the premises
to be the right of the same William the younger, as those which the same William the younger,
Thomas, Roger
and William Fyssher have of the gift of the said William the elder; and he quitclaimed them to
the said William
the younger, Thomas, Roger and William Fyssher, and to the heirs of the said William the
younger for ever,
with warranty. For the which the same William the younger, Thomas, Roger and William
Fyssher gave to the
said William the elder ú40 sterling. Endorsed: Deliberatur per proclamacionem secundum
formam statuti.
8054. Counterpart : Endorsed: Leyc'. Inter Willelmum Wygston Jun. et al. 806. 1521 (13 Hen.
VIII), 20 Sept.
Quitclaim by Thomas Wigston, clerk, to sir William Fyshar and sir John Thorpe his confrater,
chaplains, and to
the twelve poor men of the hospital of William Wigston the younger in Leycester, of his right in
a messuage
and all lands, tenements, etc., in the towns (sic) and fields of Odeby. To hold to them and their
successors for
ever. per me Thomam Wygston. Seal. Endorsed : Release of Owdebye. XIV. SEAL. 807. 1278,
25 Sept. (Sunday
bejore Michaelmas, 6 Edw. Appilby. Condonation, release and quitclaim sir Henry of Appilby,
kt., to William,
son of Philip of Scheile' and his heirs, of the whole suit of his court which he was wont to exact
from three
weeks to three weeks, except Seal. 
SEAL two comings to his court yearly, to wit, once at Michaelmas and once after Easter only, to
appear there
upon reasonable summons or by certain attorney according to the custom of the king's realm of
England. For
this the said William has given 20 s. sterling in hand. Witnesses: Richard son of Peter of
Dorandestorp', Hugh
son of Mathew of Stretton, Ralph Wischart of Scheyle, Henry Pachet of the same, Henry le Fiz,
William Pescher
of Appilby. Richard le Herper of Appilby, Thomas le Herper. Henry called Clerk. 808. 1331-2.
12 March [St
Gregory the pope, 6 Edw. III.) Scheyle. Grant and confirmation (indented) by Hugh the clerk of
Scheyle to Ralph
Wiscard, of half an acre of arable land in the fields of Scheyle, lying upon a tillage called
Schepehouforlong,
between the land of the abbot of Mirawall' on either side. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Narranty. Witnesses:
Richard Oky, William Attewode, Richard Lovet, William Wischarad, William Phelyp, of
Scheyle. Seal gone. 809.
1349. 24 Nov. [Tuesday bejore St Katherine, 23 Edw. III.) Grant and confirmation by John, son
of Ralph Wichard
of Sheyl, to Dieta, daughter of Richard le Smeth of Thomphorth', of a plot of land with its
appurtenances, to
wit. the houses set thereon, and all other liberties and easements whatsoever in the town of Sheyl
to the said
land in whatsoever way belonging; the which plot of land lies between the land of William
Wichard and that of
William of Brewod; and of three and a half acres of arable land, for the term of her life : the
which acres are
contained in charters afore written. To hold to the said Dieta, her heirs and assigns, for the term
of her life
freely, quit, well and in peace, by right and in heritage for ever (sic). Warranty (left incomplete).
Remainder
after her death to Ralph, son of William Wichard, and his lawful heirs, with reversion to the
proper heirs or
assigns of the said Dieta, doing to the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Donisthorpe. *The Cistercian
abbey of
Merevale, co. Warwick, near Atherstone. *Apparently Tamworth. 
428 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: William Wichard. Robert the clerk.
William Attewod.
Richard Lovet, Emery Lefitz, all of Sheyl. Seal gone. 810. 1353. 26 November [Tueesday after St
Katherine, 27
Edw. III.] Scheyle. Grant and confirmation by William, son of Adam of Octhorp', to Geoffrey
Wichard of
Scheyle, of a messuage with curtilage in the town of Scheyle, between the messuage of Thomas
Phelip and
that of William Hokny. To hold, etc., rendering therefor yearly to the chief lords of that fee
fivepence at the
Nativity of St John Baptist for all (services). Warranty. Witnesses : sir Thomas of Octhorp,
chaplain: William
Wechard, William atte Wode, William Hokny, Robert the clerk, of Scheyle. Seal. 811. 1359. 6
June (Wed. before
Pentecost, 33 Edw. III.) Nezurscheyle. Grant and confirmation by William of Henore', dwelling
in Ouereschezle,
to Ralph Pachet of the same, of half an acre lying in Nezurscheyle in the east field next le
Biggesithe, between
the land of sir Richard de Staford. kt., on one side, and that of William of Pype' which Robert of
Schafturschyre
now holds for term of years, on the other. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses :
Robert le Clerk
of Nezurscheyle the elder, Robert le Clerk the younger, William son of Robert, John Hemery,
William Wychard,
Hugh le Hayward, William Attewode, of the same. Seal gone. 812. 1360-1, 17 Feb. [Wed. after
St Escholace the
Virgin, 35 Edw. III.] Nezurscheyle. Grant and confirmation by Robert le Clerk the younger of
Nezurscheyle to
Richard of Horseleye, chaplain, William Attewode of Nezurscheyle. Robert le Clerk the elder,
John Rouhale,
Hugh le Hayward. John Hemeri, Robert son of Denise, William Attewode the younger, William
Oky. Robert le
Cartewryth, William Wichard, Ralph Horner, John of Brewode, William Robyn, Oakthorpe.
Heanor, co. Derby.
*Pipe Ridware, co. Staff., neat Lichfield. 
429 SEAL William le fiz, Walter of Etewalle of the same, Nicholas Anketel of Lynton, Gregory
the bailiff. Richard
of Childecote', Thomas le Schepeherd, Ralph Pachet, John le Schepeherd, Robert son of William
of Octhurp.
Robert of Baggeworze', Ralph le Coupere, John son of Thomas, William Henor, John Neel, and
their assigna, of
an acre of aiable land in Nezurscheyle, whereof half an acre lies in le Hasulfeld, between the land
of the prior
of Greseleye' and that of John Oky. extending to Lullynton broc, and the other half acre lies in the
east field,
next le Biggesithe, between the land of sir Richard de Stafford, kt., and that of William Pype,
which Robert of
Schafturschire now holds for term of years'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses:
William
Attewode the younger, John Hemeri. William Wichard, William le fiz, William Oky, John of
Brewode. Seal (in
canvas). 813. 1362, 20 July (Wed. St Margaret, 36 Edw. III. Kyrkesheyle. Grant and confirmation
(indented) by
Thomas Phelip of Kyrkesheyle to John Rwall [sic) of Toneworth' and Alice his wife, for the term
of their lives in
survivorship, of a messuage lying between the messuage of the same John and that of William
Oky, and of all
the lands and meadows in the town and territory of Kirkesheyle, which descended to the said
Thomas by
inheritance after the death of William his father. To hold of the said Thomas and his heirs,
rendering to them
18s. of silver at Michaelmas and the Annunciation of Blessed Mary by equal portions. Warranty.
Witnesses :
Edmund of Appleby, kt., William Attewode, Robert Clerk the younger, William Wychard, Ralph
Paget of
Ouersheyle. And the said John and Alice grant that they will repair and maintain in good state
three houses
being in the said messuage, to wit, the hall with the chamber, and a barn, as long as they shall be
in the
guardianship of the same. Two seals. 814. 1364-5, 26 Jan. [Sun. after St Fabian and St Sebastian,
39 Edw. III.)
Nezurscheyle. Grant and confirmation by Chilcote, 2Bagworth. *The Augustinian priory of
Gresley, co. Derby.
CC. No. 811. *Probably Tamworth, though the form indicates Tanworth. 
430 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Geoffrey Wychard of Nezurscheyle to Robert
son of Denise of the
same and his heirs, of half an acre of arable land in Nezurscheyle in a place called Dademor,
between the land
of sir Edmund de Appulby, kt., and that of Thomas Felip. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses:
William Attewode, Hugh le Hayward, Robert le Clerk, Peter Oky. William son of Robert, of
Nezurscheyle. Seal
gone. 815. 1388, 7 Dec. [Monday after St Nicholas, 12 Rich. II.) Scheyle. Grant and confirmation
by Thomas
Phelip of Scheyle to John Schulton of Stretton', of 18s. annual rent issuing from a messuage and
two virgates of
land in Scheyle, the which Alice, relict of John Ruale of Scheyle, holds of the said Thomas for
term of life',
together with the reversion of the said messuage and virgates in the said town after the death of
the said
Alice; the which premises, with meadows, etc., should revert to the said Thomas and his heirs
after her death,
[but) shall remain to the said John of Schulton. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Thomas de
Stafford, Edmund Appulby, knights; William Oky, Richard Lozot. Robert Diesone, William
Jankynsone of
Stretton, John of Melton. Seal. 816. 1396, 1 June [Corpus Christi, 16 Rich. II.] Scheyle. Release
and quitclaim by
Thomas Phelip, son and heir of Thomas Phelip of Scheyle, to John Schulton of Stretton, of all his
right in 18s.
rent issuing from a messuage and two virgates of land in Netherscheyle, which Alice, relict of
John Ruale of the
same, holds for term of life. Warranty of the rent, together with the said messuage and virgates,
after the
death of the said Alice. Witnesses: William Oky, Robert Diesone, William of Stretton, John le
Sauage, Robert
Mason. Seal. 817. 1399, 9 May [Friday after Ascension, 22 Rich. II.] Scheile. Letters of John
Schulton of
Netherscheile, appoint ing William White of Scheile his attorney to deliver seisin of
Stretton-en-le-Field. 2See
No. 813. 
SEAL all his lands, tenements, rents and services in Netherscheile to Henry Payn, chaplain,
William Clement of
Childecote, and William Oky of Scheile. Witnesses : Robert Diesone, William Legegode,
Thomas Clement.
Richard Wychard, Robert Brewode of Scheile. Seal gone simple queue). 818. 1399, 14 Nov.
[Friday after St
Martin the bishop, Hen. III. (sic)) Scheile. Grant and demise (indented) by Henry Payn, chaplain.
William
Clement of Childecote, and William Oky of Scheile, to Alice who was the wife of John Schulton
of
Netherscheile, for term of her life, of all the lands, tenements, rents and services, which they had
of the gift
and feoffment of the said John in Netherscheile and the fields thereof. To hold of the chief lord,
etc. With
remainder to the right heirs of the said John Schulton, to hold of the chief lord, etc. Witnesses :
Robert
Diesone, William Legegode, Thomas Clement, Robert son of William Fyz, Richard Cartwryght
of Scheile. Two
seals (fragmentary): the third gone. 819. 1469. 18 July (Tuesday bejore St Mary Magdalene, 9
Edw. IV.]
Nedershiel. Grant and confirmation by William Wright alias Geffreyson of Burton upon Trent, to
Robert
Leggegode of Nedershaile and Joan his wife, and to the heirs and assigns of the same Robert, of a
messuage
with seven acres of arable land with the headland lying with the same (cum capic' eisdem iac'),
and their
appurtenances in Nedershaile and the fields thereof, lying according to the metes and bounds
made there of
old, and according to the bounds of the ancient evidences, in the county of Leycester. To hold the
said
messuage, etc., with the headland of the same acres, of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses:
John
Vnderlay of Sheilgraunge, John Baily of Ouershaile, John Shilton, George Clerk of Burton,
William Pachet. Seal.
820. 1494-5 [10 Hen. VII.], 8 March. Sheile. Grant and confirmation by Robert Leggegode of
Nethersheile to
Richard 
432 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Shilton, of a messuage with seven acres of
arable land lying severally
in the town and fields of Sheile; the which messuage lies between the land of Henry Gillott and
that of the
abbot of Murevale and Edmund Appulbi. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses:
William Vernon,
esq., William Dedik. esq., Thomas Wydderley, John Marchinton, bailiff of Sheile, William
Pachett. Piece of seal.
821. Same date. Letters of Robert Leggegode of Sheile. appointing William Pachett his attorney
to deliver seisin
of the premises to the said Richard. Seal gone (simple queue cut away). 822. 1524-5 [16 Hen.
VIII), 20 Jan.
Indenture (English) of bargain and sale by Rauff Shylton of Loughburgh, son and heir of Richard
Shylton, for the
sum of twenty marks, to master William Wygston of Leycestre the younger, of all such meases,
lands,
tenements, etc., which were late of the said Richard the father of Rauff in Nethersheyle and
elsewhere in the
county of Leycestre. Estate to be made at the cost of the said William, clear of all encumbrances,
save only
rent and service due to the chief lords. Rauff acknowledges full payment of the said twenty
marks. Per me
Rauff Shelton. Seal. 823. 1524-5 (16 Hen. VIIII, 21 Jan. Grant by Ralph Shylton, son and heir of
Richard Shylton,
late of Loughburgh, to William Wygston the younger, merchant of the staple of Calais, Thomas
Wygston, clerk,
William Gyllot. clerk, and Richard Fynnys, of all his lands, etc. in Nether Sheyle and Ouer
Sheyle. To hold of the
chief lords, etc., to the use of the said William Wygston. Warranty. Appointment of Thomas
Dawkyn and John
Goodwyn as attorneys to deliver seisin. Signed: per me Rauffe Shellton. Seal. Endorsed: Theys
men folowyng
were present when possession was takun of Shylton lands at Seyll. 
SEAL 433 Sir Richard Walche prest Sir Laurans Semper prest Peter Dawmon William Graunger
Thomas Pege
William Singulton John Ratlyff & multis aliis. 824. 1527 [19 Hen. VIIII, 20 Dec. Release and
quitclaim by Richard
Dyson to William Wygston, jun., merchant of the Staple, of his right in all his messuages, lands
and tenements
in Nethersheell. Seal gone. 825. 1544 [36 Hen. VIII). 22 Dec. Grant by William Wigston of
Combe, co. Warwick,
to Henry Barnes, citizen and grocer of London, Robert Pachet of Leicester, William Gillot of the
same, and
Walter Browne of the same, clerks, of all his messuages, lands, tenements, etc., in Nether Sheyle
and
Ouerseyle. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Appointment of Thomas Thorpp and John
Reed, clerks, as
attorneys to deliver seisin of the premises. Per me Willm Wigston. Seal (Wigston signet). 826.
Same date.
Indenture (English) of bargain and sale by William Wigston of Combe, co. Warwick, esq., to
Henry Barnes,
citizen and grocer of London, Robert Pachet of Leycestre, William Gillot of the same, and Walter
Browne of the
same, clerks, of all his messuages, etc. in the towns and fields of Nether Shaile and Overshaill.
To hold, etc. for
ever. Evidences to be delivered before Easter next, and estate to be made within two years. The
purchasers
promise to pay 225 68. 8d. Signed : per me W. Wygston. Seal gone. 826A. Counterpart of same.
Seals gone.
'Lawrence Semper occurs as parochial curate of Seal in 1526 (Subsidy coll. in dio. Lincoln, ed.
Salter, p.11I). 
434 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS V.Sumnncron. 827. N.d. Charter of William
Mansell William Mansell
to all men and to his friends, French and English, both present and future, greeting. Know ye that
have granted
and by this charter confirmed to Robert Arrabi and his heirs, for his homage and service, his right
which he
deraigned in the court of the earl of Chester by fine of duel, by precept of the lord king; to wit,
the service of
Warin of Swaninton from 7 virgates of land. To hold of me and my heirs free and quit of all
service, save
foreign service, for 7s. to be rendered yearly to me and my heirs : to wit, 3s. 6d. at the Nativity of
St John, and
3s. 6d. at the feast of St Thomas the Apostle; saving the tenement of the aforesaid Warin. For this
grant the
aforesaid Robert has given me Witnesses: John the chaplain, John of Scathewall', Luke of
Quatremares, Robert
of Dina. Richard of London, Robert son of Mainard, Ogger Arrabi, Adam Arrabi, Stephen son of
Ralph, Gilbert
son of Edwin, Roger son of Godeb', Hugh of Oddeston, Richard of Snippeston, Ralph son of
Robert, and many
others. Large yellow wax seal, about 2 inches diameter, with figure of armed horseman. The
legend is SIG
ILLVM) wIL. MANSE[LL). The matrix had the inscription with the letters cut unreversed from
left to right of the
surface, so that they appear reversed from right to left. Endorsed: Carta Will. Maunsel de
Swaningtun. 8274.
Another copy, identical. Seal in bad condition. Endorsed as above. Also (late hand) Swanyngton.
Willms
Mansell vij virgat' terr. Rob'to Arrabye. 828. N.d. Grant by John of lbbestok and of Swaniton,
and Agnes his
wife, to Geoffrey the cook of Barton, of a rood of arable land in the territory of Swaniton, with
the meadow
appertaining, for his service and for five shillings of silver paid in hand, lying upon the tillage
called
Newebregche between the land of the monks of Gerudone" and that of Hugh Chisel, and
extending from
Merismedewe as far as Shawell. Garendon. 
SWANNINGTON Wytewyc Weye. To hold of the said grantors and their heirs or assigns freely,
etc., for ever,
with all the easements and liberties appertaining to the premises, rendering therefor vearly a
silver halfpenny
at Christmas for all worldly service, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Talebot of Swaniton,
William War of the
same, Hugh Chisel of the same, William son of William of Doniton, William Mowere of the
same. Seal.
Endorsed : Johannes lbstock vna Rod' &c. Galfrido Coco. Swanyngton. 829. 1311 15 Edw. II),
20 August. Grant
of free warren under sign manual of Edward II. Edward, etc., to archbishops,  tc., greeting. Know
ye that, at
the instance of our beloved yeoman Ralph of Waltham, we have granted and by this our charter
confirmed to
Alan Talbot of Swanyngton, that he and his heirs for ever shall have free warren in all his
demesne lands of
Swanyngton., co. Leices, provided that those lands be not within the metes of our forest; so that
no man may
enter those lands to hunt or to take anything which appertains to warren therein, without the
licence and will
of the same Alan or his heirs, upon forfeit of ú10. Wherefore we will and firmly charge. for
ourselves and our
heirs that the aforesaid Alan and his heirs for ever have free warren in all his demesne lands
aforesaid,
provided, etc., so that, etc., as is aforesaid. Witnesses : the venerable father W., bishop of
Worcester. our
chancellor'; Gilbert de Clare, earl of Gloucester and Hertford; John de Warrena, earl of Surrey;
Edmund, earl of
Arundel; Roger de Clifford; Payn Tybetot; Edmund de Malo Lacu, steward of our household, and
others. Given
by our hand at London, 20 Aug. in the fifth year of our reign. By writ of privy seal. Heghham.
830. N.d. Grant
and confirmation by Thomas de la Warde of Swanyngton to John the miller (Molendinar') of
Wytewyk, for his
service and for a sum of money paid in hand, of two selions of arable land with the capital
meadow adjoining
in the fields of Swanyngton, lying in my long croft Walter Reynolde, bishop of Worcester
1308-1313. 
436 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS close together (propinquius), next the land of
William son of Austin,
and extending from the path behind the garden of Agnes daughter of William Wareyn as far as
Dolebrok. hold
of the chief lord, etc., rendering therefor yearly to the chief lord a silver halfpenny at the Nativity
of St John
Baptist. Warranty. Witnesses: Alan Talbot, William of Appilby, Richard of Frodelye, Hugh
Campion, William
Leffyn, of Swanyngton; Robert of Colleshull, clerk. Seal gone. 831. 1320-1, 5 March [Thurs.
before St Gregory
the pope, 14 Edw. II). Grant by Simon of Wordington, dwelling in Swanigton, to Henry Blodles
of Weleston', for
his homage and service, and for a sum of money paid in hand, of the coal mine and of each single
thing of a
certain dole, lying upon Longemor, between the land of Roger Godbert and that of Henry of
Blacfordebi, and
extending in length from Langebrok as far as the king's way towards Ouerton', and in breadth
twenty feet. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Aalan Talbot, Roger Godbert, Richard Geren,
Richard
Frodeley, Hugh Campioun, of Swanigton. Seal gone. Endorsed (late hand): Swanyngton. Simon
Worthington
minera carbonum Henrico Blodles. 832. 1321-2, 7 Feb. [Sunday after Purification of B.V.M., 15
Edw. III)
Swanigton. Grant by Elias Appulbi of Swanigton to Henry Blodles of Weleston, of half an acre
of arable land in
the fields of Swanigton, lying upon the tillage which is called Langelondes, between the land of
Henry
Belmount which John of Yolmar (2) holds of the said Henry, and that of Henry of Blacfordebi.
To hold of the
chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Roger Godbert, Alan Talbot, Richard Frodleie, John Leffyn,
all of
Swanigton; Richard the clerk. Piece of seal. Apparently Wilson, near Breedon. *Cole Orton. 
SWANNINGTON 833. 1333, 19 Dec. [Sunday ajter St Lucy the virgin, 7 Edw. III). Swanyton.
Grant by Stephen of
Houden. dwelling in Witewyk, to John Bourgeyse of Swanyton, of half an acre of arable land in
the town and
fields of Swanyton, the which lies upon a tillage called le Coufforlong, between the land of
Roger Godbert and
that which William Talbot now has. To hold of the chief lords. Warranty. Witnesses: Henry of
Blacfordeby of
Swanyton, John Leffyn. William Telbe, William Grym, William Taylboys, Ralph Mot'. James
Edelyn, John le
Styrter. Seal gone. Endorsed (late hand): Swanyngton. Stephanus Houden Johanni Burgess di acr.
ter. 834.
1340-1, 25 Feb. [Sunday after St Matthias, 15 Edw. IIII. Release and quitclaim by John Appulby
of Swanyton to
sir James Blacfordeby, chaplain, of Swanyton, of all his right in a messuage and seven acres of
arable land in
the town and fields of Swanyton, with meadows, leasowes and pastures. moors, marshes, mines,
and all other
commodities belonging to two virgates of land within and without the town of Swanyton, with a
yearly rent of
7s. issuing from the premises. Grant also to the said sir James of the third part of the grantor's
messuage, with
seven roods of land, etc., within the town of Swanyton, which the said grantor s mother, Joan.
held by the
name of dower after the decease of Elias of Appulby. Witnesses : Sir Thomas Pollard, chaplain,
William Telbe,
William Grym, William Campion, Alan Broun. Piece of seal : broken in two. Endorsed (late
hand) : Swanyngton.
Relax. & eciam concess. Johannis Appulbi Jacobo Blackfordby. 835. 1344, 5 July [Monday ajter
St Peter, 18
Edw. III.) Swanyton. Grant and confirmation by William Campion of Swanyton to sir James of
Blackfordeby, of a
rood of arable land in the town of Swanynton, lying upon a tillage called le Breche, between the
land of Adam
Tewe and that of the said James. To hold, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Grym; John Leffyn,
Alan Broun,
John lbestok, John Haket, of Swanyton. 
438 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Seal gone. Endorsed in late hand : Willelmus
Campyon roda, etc.,
Jacobo Blackfordby. 836. 1349, 10 July [Friday after St Thomas the Martyr, 23 Edw. III).
Swanyton. Grant by
Roger of Blacfordeby of Swanyton to sir James of Blacfordeby, perpetual vicar of the church of
Wythewyk, and
Henry and John, sons of the said Roger, of a messuage lying between the messuage of lves of
Prestewald on
either side, with all the lands and tenements which he has in the town and fields of Swanyton. To
hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Ives of Prestewold of Swanyton, John Leffyn, John
Ibestok, Alan Broun,
John Naueneby. Seal gone. Endorsed: Rogerus Blackfordby mess. & omnia ter. & tenementa
Jacobo & aliis filiis
suis. 837. 1351, 5 May [Thurs. after the Invention of the Holy Cross, 25 Edw. III.) Peghelton'.
Release and
quitclaim by John Eluet to master Henry Motoun and Simon Motoun. of all his right in the
manors of
Swanyngton, co. Leic., and of Segbroke, co. Lincoln', with all their commodities, and in all
goods and chattels in
the said manors; the which manors the said master Henry and Simon, John le Beure and the said
John Eluet,
together had of the gift and feoffment of sic John Talbot, kt. Witnesses: sir William Motoun, sir
Richard of
Shulton, knights; Simon Pakeman, John of Stapelton, William of Loughteburgh, Richard of
Beby, of Leycestre.
Seal. Endorsed in late hand : Relaxacio Johannis Olnet (sic) Henrico Mutton. 838. 1360-1, 8 Feb.
[Monday after
the Purification, 35 Edw. III). Swanyngton. Grant by Ellen, daughter of John Nicolsone of
Raueneston, to John
Talbot, knight, lord of Swanyngton, of seven selions of land in Swanyngton, lying together next
the land of the
said John on one side, and Peckleton. Sedgebrook. 
SWANNINGTON 439 abutting upon the king's way; the which the said Ellen recovered in the
king's court as her
heritage against John of Wyldesleye and the others contained in the original writ. To hold to the
said John, his
heirs and assigns for ever. Warranty. Witnesses: Simon Pakeman, Lawrence Hauberk. Richard of
Leycestre,
John Bluet, William Pegg. John of Ayleston. Henry of Ayleston. Seal gone. Endorsed: Helena
Nycholson Johanni
Talbott vii seliones terre. 839. 1369, 2 Nov. [Friday, All Souls' day, 43 Edw. III. Swanington.
Grant and
confirmation by Edmund, son and heir of Roger Blacfordebi of Suanington, in his full age, to
Thomas
Blacfordebi of the same, of all the lands and tenements of the said Edmund in the town and fields
of
Suanington, with coal-mines (minis carbonum), meadows. grazings and pastures, and all other
commodities
thereunto appertaining, within the town of Suanington and without. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Richard Gylle, of Suanington; Thomas Broun. James Cook, Thomas lbstoke, Symon
Wryght. Seal in
white wax. Endorsed in late hand : Edwardus Blackfordby, Thomae Blackfordby omnimodas etc.
mineras
carbonum. 840. 1402, 8 June (Thurs. before St Barnabas the apostle, 3 Hen. IV.). Indenture of
grant and demise
by Richard Blakfordby of Swanyngton, son and heir of Thomas Blakfordby of the same, to
Robert Dycun of the
same. of the moiety of a croft lying in the town and fields of Swanyngton, the which moiety the
said Richard
had by right of inheritance after the decease of Thomas Blakfordby his father; and John
Blakfordby has the
other moiety of the gift and grant of the same Thomas their father. To hold, etc., for the term of
fifteen years
for a sum of money paid in hand. And the said Richard has granted, for himself and his heirs, that
no buyer
shall expel the said Robert from the premises during the said term. Warranty. Witnesses: Alan
Souche, Thomas
Broun, John Huet. 
440 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Seal gone. Endorsed (late hand): Swanyngton.
Indent. dimid. crofti
pro xv annis. 841. 1439 [17 Hen. VII, 2 June. Sekbrok. Demise enfeoffment and confirmation
(quadripartite
indented) by John Souche, kt., Thomas Rempston, kt., Nicholas Wymbyssh. clerk, Robert
Stokwyth, clerk, Hugh
Wymbyssh, esq., and John son of Ralph of Leek, esq., to Margaret, wife of John Markham,
serjeant at law, one
and the second born of the daughters and heirs of the late Simon of Leek, esq., deceased, of their
manor of
Segbrok, co. Lincoln, and all their lands and tenements in the town and fields of Grantham, and
of their manor
of Swannyngton with all its members, etc., in cos. Leicester and Warwick; the which manors,
etc., they lately
had jointly, among other lands and tenements, with Godfrey Leek, now deceased, of the gift and
feoffment of
John in le Wroo of Gaddesby, vicar of the church of Whitewyke. hold to the said Margaret and
the heirs of her
body lawfully issuing of the chief lords of the fee, etc., with successive remainders, in default of
such issue, to
Mary, the wife of Giles Daubeney, kt., the eldest daughter of the said Simon, to Elizabeth, the
wife of Hugh
Hercy, esq., the third, and to Anne, wife of Richard Wyloughby, esq., the fourth daughter of the
said Simon,
and the lawful heirs of their bodies respectively, and, in final default, to the right heirs of Joan,
sometime wife
of the said Simon, daughter and heir of John Talbot, kt., deceased. Witnesses: John Busshe, kt.;
Thomas Merys,
esq.; John Boys, esq.; John Bellers, esq.; Thomas Palmer, esq. Three seals (including Zouche's
and Rempston's)
perfect; two (including Wymbyssh) fragmentary, one gone. Endorsed: Swanyngton.
Feoffamentum Johannis
Souch et aliorum cofeoffat. Johannis in le Wroo Margarete Mark. et aliis in general. tall. reman.
rectis hered.
Johanne Leek. fil. et hered. Johannis Talbott militis. 842. 1460 [38 Hen. VII. 15 April.
Swanyngton. Grant and
confirmation by Ralph Hyntus of Whytwyk to John Markham and Margaret his wife, of all the
said Ralph's
lands. etc., which he lately had of the gift and feoffment of Thomas Johnson of Markefeld,
kinsman and heir of
Robert Dycons. 
SWANNINGTON late of Swanyngton'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses:
John Hewet, Thomas
Nedam, Hugh Walker, Henry Blakfordby. William Addecok. Seal, broken. Endorsed in late
hand: Feoffamentum
Radulphi Hyntus Johanni Mark. & Margar. vxori pro terr. que fuerunt Roberti Dycons. 843.
1461. (I Edw. IV). 16
May. Swanyngton. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Creweker, late of Swanyngton, to John
Markham and
Margaret his wife, and to William Porter, of a moiety of the lands and tenements in Swanyngton
which were of
John Colyer the elder, kinsman and heir of sir John Colyer, chaplain; the which moiety the same
sir John,
together with the other moiety of the said lands and tenements, by the name of his salary for three
years,
lately purchased of Robert Rous, late of Threnkston". To hold of the chief lord, etc., to the said
John, Margaret
and William, and to the heirs and assigns of Margaret. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Goodwyn,
Ralph Hyntus
of Whytwyk; Thomas Netam, John Hewet, Henry Blakfordby, of Swanyngton. Small fragment of
seal. Endorsed
in late hand: Tho. Croker feoffauit Johannem Mark. Margaretam vx. eius, Willelmum Palmer
(sic) & hered.
Margaret. 844. 1478 (18 Edw. IV), 6 Oct. Swanyngton. Grant and confirmation by Richard
Jakeson of Whitwyke
to dame Margaret Markham, widow, Thomas Palmer, rector of the church of Seggebroke, and
William Malen
of Whitwyke, of all those lands, etc., in the town and fields of Swanyngton, which the said
Richard lately had of
the gift and feoffment of Robert Rychemonde, late of the same. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: John Hewet, Robert Robynson, William Hyne, John Baily, John Olyuere, of
Swanyngton. Small round
seal. See No. 840. *Thringstone. 
442 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Endorsed in later hand : Ricardus Jackson
feoffauit Margaretam Mark
: et aliis (sic) de terris que fuerunt Roberti Rychmond. 845. 1479 (19 Edw. IV). 29 June.
Swanyngton. Release
and quitclaim by John Blakfordby of Whitwyke, son and heir of Henry Blakfordby, whilom of
Swanyngton, now
deceased. to dame Margaret Markham, widow, Thomas Palmer, rector of the church of
Seggebroke, and
William Malyn of Whitwyke, of all his right in all those lands in the town and fields of
Swanyngton, which
whilom were of the said Henry his father. Warranty. Witnesses: Ralph Hyntus, of Whitwyke;
William Hyne.
John Olyuere, of Swanyngton. Part of seal. Endorsed in late hand : Johannes Blacgfordby
relaxauit terras que
fuerunt Henrici patris Margarete Mark. et aliis. 846. Same date. Swanyngton. Grant and
confirmation by Ralph
Hyntus of Whitwyke to dame Margaret Markham, widow. Thomas Palmer, rector of the church
of Seggebroke,
and William Malyn of Whitwyke, of all his lands, tenements. etc., in the town and fields of
Swanyngton, which
of late he had of the gift and feoffment of John Blakfordby of Whitwyke. To hold of the chief
lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: John Hewet, William Hyne. Robert Robyn. John Olyuere, John Bayle, of
Swanyngton. Part
of seal. Endorsed in late hand : Radulphus Hyntus fecit Margt. Mark. et alijs de terris que fuerunt
Johannis
Blackfordby. 847. 1480 (20 Edw. IV). 8 Dec. Swanyngton. Release and quitclaim by Joan
Maynerde of
Atherston', sometime the daughter of John Browne, late of Swanyngton, widow, to dame
Margaret, late the
wife of sir John Markham, kt., sir Thomas Palmer, rector of the church of Seggebroke, and
William Malen of
Whitwyk, of all her right and claim in all those lands, etc., which whilom were of the said John
Browne. her
father, in the town and fields of Swanyngton. Warranty. Atherstone, co. Warwick. 
443 SWANNINGTON Round seal. Endorsed in late hand: Johanna Maynerd alia filiarum
Johannis Browne
remisit jus suum in purparte sua prefate Margarete, Thome et Willelmo Malyn, etc. 848. 1480
(20 Edw.IV). 16
Dec. Swanyngton. Grant and confirmation by Richard Harberde of Wylnale', co. Stafford. and
Katherine his
wife, sometime the daughter of John Browne of Swanyngton, and John Johnson of Sybeston, co.
Leices., and
Alice his wife, sometime the daughter of the said John Browne, to dame Margaret, late the wife
of sir John
Markham, kt., sir Thomas Palmer, rector of the church of Seggebroke, and William Malen of
Whitwyk, of all
their lands, etc., in the town and fields of Swanyngton. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses:
Ralph Hyntus. Hugh Whalley, of Whitwyk; John Hewet, William Hyne, John Bayle, William
Drawry, of
Swanyngton. Four seals on two tags. Endorsed in late hand: Feofat". Margaret. vxori Johannis
Marham (sic) et
aliis per coheredes Johannis Browne. 849. Same date. Swanyngton. Grant and confirmation by
Joan, late the
wife of John Balle of Bylston, sometime the daughter of John Browne of Swanyngton, in her
pure widowhood
and lawful power, to dame Margaret, late the wife of sir John Markham, kt., Thomas Palmer,
rector of the
church of Seggebroke, and William Malen of Whitwyk, of all the lands, etc., in the town and
fields of
Swanyngton, which descended to the said Joan by right and by inheritance after the death of the
said John
Browne her father. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Ralph Hyntus of
Whitwyk; John Hewet.
Robert Robyn, William Hyne, John Bayle, of Swanyngton. Part of seal. Endorsed in late hand :
Johanna Balle
feoffauit predictam Margaretam, Thomam, et Willelmum Malyn de purparte Johannis Browne
quondam patris
sui. Willenhall. 
444 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 850. 1480 (20 Edw. IV). 18 Dec. Swanyngton.
Release and quitclaim
by Robert Balle, son and heir of Joan Balle of Bylston, to dame Margaret, late the wife of sir
John Markham, kt.,
sir Thomas Palmer, rector of the church of Seggebroke, and William Malen of Whitwyk, of all
his right in all the
lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Swanyngton, which the same Margaret, Thomas
and William
lately had of the said Joan, the grantor's mother. Warranty. Witnesses: John Hewet, William
Hyne, Robert
Robyn. Seal. Endorsed in late hand: Relax. Roberti Ball predict. Margt. Tho. & Will. Malyn de
terr. que fuerunt
predicte Johanne. 851. 1498-9 [14 Hen. VII), 6 January. Indenture of bargain and sale by John
Markham, esq.,
to Humfray Banaster, gent., of his manor of Swanyngton with all his other lands and tenements,
etc., in
Snypston, Raunston, Ibstoke, Hathurne and Harbury' and elsewhere within cos. Leycester and
Warwick, which
late were of Thomas Markham, father of the said John, or any other to his use. To hold to the said
Humfray
and to his heirs in fee simple for evermore. The said manors, etc., are warranted by the said John
to be of the
yearly value of úl6 above all charges and reprises. and to be discharged of all annuities, etc., and
all other
manner of charges, the services to the chief lords of the fees thereof due only except. Estate to be
made by
the Nativity of St John Baptist next coming, the said John undertaking, if the said premises be
not extended at
as much as ú16, to make up the full value with other lands and tenements to the amount . The
said Humfray
undertakes to pay ú.250 in money and wools, of which he has paid ú50 on the day of the making
of these
indentures, and shall deliver or do to be delivered to the said John at Pentecost, 1500, at Caleys.
wools to the
value of ú100, as wools now goeth or shall then go in the staple at Caleis, and at Pentecost, 1501,
wools to the
value of another ú100, after the rate of wools in the said staple, in full contentation and payment.
Seal. By me
John Markham. Snibston, Ravenstone, Ibstock, Hathern, co. Leices.; Harbury, co. Warwick. 
SWANNINGTON Endorsed : (1) Bargan. et vendicionis Johannis Markham Indentur. de
manerio de Swalyngton
(sic) pro parte Humfridi Banaster. (2) Irrotulatur in Banco Rotulo tercio de cartis scriptis et
proteccionibus cogn.
et alloc. de termino sancti Hillarii anno regni regis Henrici septimi post conquestum quarto
decimo. 852. 1498-
9 [14 Hen. VII), 6 Jan. Acknowledgment of bond by John Markham, esq., to Humphrey Banaster
and Godard
Oxenbrugge, gentilmen, in ú.400, payable at Pentecost next. Blofeld. Signed: By me John
Markham. 853. 1498-
9, 6 Feb. Westminster. Recovery by Giles Daubney of Daubney, knight, Edward Hastynges of
Hastynges, knight,
Thomas Fenys, esq., Godard Oxenbrigge, esq., and Robert Oxenbrigge, esq., before Thomas
Bryan, knight, and
his fellow justices of the Bench, Hilary term, 14 Hen. VII, against John Markham, esq., of the
manor of
Swalyngton, 12 messuages, 10 tofts, 20 virgates of land, 100 acres of meadow, 200 acres of
pasture, 100 acres
of wood, and 16 a. rent, in Swalyngton. Suylton', Raunston. Ibstoke, Hathurne, and Harbury.
Caryll. Endorsed:
Recuperare Manerii de Swanyngton versus Johannem Markham. 854. 1498-9 [14 Hen. VII), 20
Feb. Mandate
from Richard Pudesey, knight, sheriff of Leicester, to William Barbour and Richard Ynce, to
give seisin without
delay to Giles Daubney of Daubney, kt., Edward Hastynges of Hastynges, kt., Thomas Fenys,
esq., Godard
Oxenbrygge, esq., and Robert Oxenbrygge, esq., of the manor of Swanyngton with its
appurtenances, 12
messuages, 10 tofts, 20 virgates of land, 100 acres of meadow, 200 acres of pasture, 100 acres of
wood, and
16s. rent in Swanyngton, Snypston, Raunston, Ibstoke, Hathurne and Harbury, which they
recovered in the
king'a court before his justices by writ of entry upon disseisin in le post against John Markham,
esq. Sic:
Snibston is meant. 
 446 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Seal (fragmentary): simple queue. Endorsed :
Preceptum execuc.
seisinae super Recuperari per Vicecomitem. 855. 1498-9 [14 Hen. VII),1 March. Delivery,
demise and
confirmation by Giles Daubney, lord of Daubney, kt., Edward Hastynges, lord of Hastynges, kt.,
Thomas Fenys,
esq., Godard Oxenbrigge, esq., and Robert Oxenbrigge, esq., to Humphrey Banaster, gent., of
their manor of
Swanyngton and all other lands, tenements, etc., which late were of John Markham, esq., or of
any other
person to his use in Swanyng ton, Snypston, Raunston, Ibstoke, Hathurne and Harbury, which the
said Giles,
Edward, Thomas, Godard and Robert of late in the king's court before his justices at Westminster
recovered
against the said John Markham, esq., by the king's writ of entry upon disseisin in le post, as is
more fully certain
by record in the same court, to the use and need of the said Humphrey, his heirs and assigns. To
hold of the
chief lords, etc. Power of attorney to William Lotte and Thomas Smythe to deliver seisin.
Witnesses: Robert
Sheffeld, kt.; Thomas Frowyk. serjeant at law; Thomas Pygot, gent. Five seals (one broken), with
signatures
above each, viz. Giles Daubney, E. Hastynges, T. Fenys, G. Oxenbrigg, per Robart Oxenbrygg.
Endorsed :
Feoffamentum recuperat. versus Johannem Markham fact. Humfride Banester. 856. Same date.
Letters of
Humphrey Banaster, gent., appointing John Fowler, gent., and John Rede his attorneys to receive
seisin of the
manor of Swanyngton, and of all other lands, tenements, etc., which were late of John Markham.
esq., or of
any other person to his use in Swanyngton, Snypston, Raunston, Ibstoke, Hathurne and Harbury,
according to
the force, etc., of a charter of feoffment made by Giles Daubney, lord of Daubney, kt., Edward
Hastynges. lord
of Hastynges, kt., Thomas Fenys, esq., Godard Oxenbrygge, esq., and Robert Oxonbrygge, esq.,
to the said
Humphrey, bearing date l March, 14 Hen. VII. By me Humffray Bannaster. Seal. 
SWANNINGTON 447 Endorsed: Swanyngton. Litt. attornat. Humfridi Banaster ad deliberand.
seisinam. 857.
1498-9 [14 Hen. VII), 2 March. Release and quit claim by John Markham, esq., to Humfrey
Banaster, gent., of all
his right in the manor of Swanyngton, and in all other lands, tenements, etc., in Swanyngton,
Snypston,
Raunston, Ibstoke, Hathurne and Harbury, or elsewhere in cos. Leycester and Warwick, which
were of Thomas
Markham, father of the said John, or of any other person to his use. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert
Sheffeld, kt.,
Thomas Frowyk, serjeant at law; Thomas Jakeys, gent. Seal. Endorsed: Relaxac. Johannis
Markham ar.
Humfrido Banester. Swannington. 858. 1499 (14 Hen. VII), 17 April. Be it known to all men that
wher as 1 John
Markeham Squyer haue solde vnto Humfrey Banistre squyer the Manor of Swanington within the
Countie of
Leycestre with al the profytes and Commoditees therunto belonging for the somme of ú250
sterling / the same
to be paid in woll. Wherof ú50 sterling I received in hand. ú100 sterling should be paid at the fest
of Witsontide
which shalbe in the yer of our lord god 1500, and the other ú100 sterling at the fest of
Wytsontyde whiche
shalbe in the yer of our lord god 1500 and oon. As by Indentur betwyn vs bothe theruppon made
more pleynly
it dothe apper. / Of the whiche ú.250 sterling I the seid John Markeham knowlage and confesse
to be truly
payed and content at the Sealing of thes presentes / and for the same ú250 l acquyte the seid
Humfrey his
heires and executours for euermore by thes presentes In witnisse wherof herunto I haue set my
Seall. Dat' the
xvij day of Aprill the xiiij yer of the Reign of king Henry vijth. By me John Markham. Seal
(fragment). Endorsed:
Quytauns of Jhon Markham agaynste Oumfrey Banyster. 859. 1499 [14 Hen. VII), 20 May. Be it
known to all
men that I John Markham Squyer haue receyuyd and had the 
448 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS day of date of thes presentes of Humfrey
Banistre gentilman the
somme of ú100 sterling in full contentacion and peyment of ú250 sterling vnto me payed for the
maner of
Swanington with the lands and tenements, etc., sett and lying within the counties of Leycestre
and of
Warewyke; the which forenamyd ú100 sterling should haue been payed vnto me the seyd
Markham in wollys
at the fest of Pentecost which shalbe in the yere of our lord god 1501. Of the which foreseid ú250
sterling I the
seid John Markham knowlage me thoroughly to be truly payed and content. And for any further
payement to
be made or claymyd for the forenamyd maner, etc., exclude me, etc., and myn heyres for
euermore. By me
John Markham. Small piece of seal : simple queue. Endorsed : Acquittanc' & release. 860. 1519
[11 Hen. VIII),
12 August. Indenture (English) of bargain and sale by Sir Humfrey Bannaster, kt., mayor of the
town of Cales, to
William Wigheston, merchant of the staple of Cales, by his factor and attorney William
Brayfield. and to Robert
Harwar, also merchant of the same staple, of all his lordship of Swanyngton in the parish of
Whytweke, and all
the lands, tenements, etc., thereto appertaining in cos. Leycestre and Warwik and elsewhere.
Estate to be
made before Christmas next. The said factor or attorney and Robert Harwar agree to pay 500
marks, viz. 100
marks at the sealing hereof, 200 marks on l December next, and 200 marks at the feast of St
Bartholomew [24
Aug.] 1520. A. Dyer. Signed: H. Bannastr' K. Seal. Endorsed : Indentura vendit. Humfridi
Banaster Willelmo
Wigston. 861. 1519 [11 Hen. VIII), 23 August. Grant and confirmation by Humfrey Bannaster,
kt., mayor of
Cales, to William Wygheston, merchant of the staple, Thomas Wygheston, clerk, Roger
Wygheston and Robert
Harwar, merchants of the staple, of all his lordship of Swanyngton in hte parish of Whytweke,
with all lands,
tenements, etc. To hold of the chief lords, etc., and therefrom to fulfil the last will of the same
William
Wygheston. Sealed with the mayoral seal of Cales, as the said Humfrey's seal is unknown to
many. 
SWANNINGTON 449 Witnesses: Thomas Thwaytes, esq., Christopher Tempest, merchant of
the staple, and
Adrian Dyer, burgess of Calais. Two seals (fragments : the mayoral seal much broken). Signed:
S' H. Bannast' K.
Endorsed: Feofamentum Humfridi Banester Willelmo Wigston et alijs dominij de Swanyngton.
861A. A
duplicate of the same but with special mention of Snypston, Raunston, Hathern and Harbury.
One seal
remains, but mayoral seal a mere fragment. Signed: S' H. Bannastr K. Endorsed : Swanyngton &
alij.
Feoffamentum H. Banister Willelmo Wygston & alijs. 862. 1519 (11 Hen. VIII). 26 August.
Letters of Humphrey
Bannaster, kt., mayor of Cales, appointing Peter Bony of Beaumont Leys, co. Leycestre, yeman,
and William
Bolt, burgess of Leycestre, his attorneys to deliver seisin of the lordship of Swanyngton, etc., to
William
Wygheston and the others as named in the foregoing deeds. Sealed, etc., as in last. Witnesses as
in the last.
Two seals (mayoral seal much broken). Endorsed: Swanyngton tankem. Littera attornat.
Humfridi Banaster
Willelmo Wigston & aliis. 863. 1519 111 Hen. VIII), 27 August. Cales. Release and quit-claim
by Humphrey
Bannaster, kt, and Margaret his wife. to William Wigston and the others as named in No. 860, of
all their right
in their lordship of Swanyngton within the parish of Whytweke, and in all other their lands and
tenements,
etc., in Swanyngton, Snypston, Raunston, Hathern and Harbury, cos. Leycester and Warwick,
and elsewhere
within the realm of England. Sealed as No. 861. Witnesses: as No. 861. Signed: S' H. Bannast'
K. Two seals
remain : mayoral seal gone. Endorsed : Swanyngton & alij. Relax. H. Banester & Margaretae
vxoris eius W.
Wigston & aliis. 
450 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 8634. Duplicate of the same, without mention
of places other than
Swanyngton. Signature of A. Dyer in corner, Two seals remain : mayoral seal gone. Signed: H.
Bannast' K.
Endorsed: Swanyngton tantum. Relaxacio, etc. as above. 864. 1519 [11 Hen. VIII), 26 Nov.
Acquittance by
Humphrey Bannaster, kt., mayor of Cales, of William Bray. feld. factor and attorney of William
Wigheston, and
Robert Harwar, on account of 200 marks sterling at the rate of exchange of the staple paid by the
said factor
and Robert in part payment of 500 marks for the lordship of Swanington, being the amount due
on  December
in this year. A. Dyer. Signed: S' H. Bannast'. Seal gone : simple queue. 865. 1520 [11 Hen. VIII).
28 March.
Leycestre. Release and quit-claim by Thomas Wigston, clerk, Roger Wigston, esq., and Robert
Harwar,
merchant of the staple of Calais. to sir William Fyshar and sir John Thorpe his confrater
chaplains of the
hospital of William Wigston in Leycestre, and to the poor of the same hospital, of all their right
in the manor
and lordship of Swannyngton within the parish of Whytwhyk, with all lands, etc., in Swanyngton,
Raunston,
Snypston, Ibstokke, Hathurne and Arbery, cos. Leycestre and Warwic. Two seals, one gone :
simple queue.
Endorsed : Releys of Swannyngton. 866. 1520 [12 Hen. VIII). 19 August. Letters patent of
William Pryseley,
mayor and alderman of the town of Caleis. Knowe ye that this present day of making hereof
personally
appered byfore vs Sir Humfrey Bannaster knight and Dame Marget his wyff, which dame Marget
was by vs
taken apparte from her said husbond and by vs was examyned of and apon the sealing of a releas
made by the
said sir Humfrey Bannaster and her, vnto William Wygheston, merchant of the staple of Cales
and othre his
cofeoffees, of all their right tytle state and demande in and to the lordship of Swanington in the
countie 
WIGSTON of Leycester with all and singular thapportenaunces therunto belonging, sytuate and
lying aswell in
the same countie of Leycester, as in the countie of Warwik and els where within the reaulme of
England, which
dame Marget Bannaster confessed, knowleged and sayd that she of her owne free woll without
compulsion
manassing or evil entreating of her said husbond sealed and delyuered for her dede the forsaid
releas,
expressely renouncing all maner of tytles which she in or to the said lordship with
thapportenaunces or any
parcel thereof may have in any wyse in tyme to com by reason of droyt de dower, cui in vita or
othrewyse, by
this her present recognossance before vs at her request registred and enrolled in stede of a fyne
for euermor
in tyme to com to remeyn of record. Seal (mayoral seal of Calais: broken). Endorsed : (1) The
Confess. of the
Release H. Banester his wyf enrolled. (2) The fyne. XVI. WIGSTON. 867. N.d.* Grant and
confirmation by
Robert, earl of Leycester, to sir Symon Wykingeston of Wykyngestona, kt., for his love, of those
two chief
messuages (and) that virgate of land, together with the mill and the acre of land, which were
severally of
Lawrence his father Jand of Reynald Wynturborn, and which the said Lawrence and Reynald
Wynturborn held,
of the Englishmen, in Wykingest', with the meadows, grazings, and pastures, together with the
rents and all
other the liberties and commodities to the said land and messuage belonging, with all manner
easements, with
ways and paths to the said lands and mill (belonging) in what places soever they lie or are
contained, both
within the town and without; with liberty of having and holding a bull and a boar free within our
lordship of
Wykingestona aforeseid, without hindrance or disturbance of us and our heirs, tenants, or
ministers. To hold,
etc., to the said Symon, his heirs and assigns, of us and our heirs entirely, etc., as their own fee by
A fifteenth-
century copy of a twelfth-century charter, with many inaccuracies and miscopyinga, to which the
seal from the
original charter was appended. Robert, earl of Leicester, is Robert Blanchesmains, who held the
earldom 1167-
1190. The date of the charter is probably c. 117O1180: but the only definite date which gives it a
final limit is
the death of the principal witness, Thurstan, abbot of Garendon, in 1189 (see Ann. Monastici
[Rolle Ser.] II.,
246. 
 452 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS itself as regards both suits and services of the
tenants of this land;
rendering to us and to our heirs yearly a lawful penny of England about the feast of St Michael
the Archangel
for all service of them, their tenants or serjeants. Warranty against all men, French and English.
Witnesses:
Turst', abbot of Geroud'; Robert, prior of Kenellewurd; Hugh Barre, William Bassett, Robert of
Creft, Roger of
Grauf, Ralph Fryday, Henry Marchall, Hugh Debunham, William Francis, Gylbert Champyon,
Robert of Bowyes.
Large seal (yellow wax) in green silk bag, with twisted green cord. Impression doubtful.
Endorsed : Flaett plaes.
868. N.d. Gift and grant by Hugh of Champ' to Rannulf the clerk of Wikingeston, of two virgates
of land in
Wikingeston : to wit, the virgate which Ketel held, and the half virgate which Turbertus held,
with a toft, and
the half virgate which William, son of Godric, held, with a toft, etc. To hold of the said Hugh and
his heirs
freely, etc., for 4s. to be rendered yearly for all service. Grant also that the said Rannulf may give
the said two
virgates to whomsoever he will, and that he to whom he will give them may hold them, he and
his heirs, of the
said Hugh and his heirs freely and quietly, in fee and heritage, by the said service. For this gift
and grant the
said Rannulf has given four marks silver. Witnesses : Ern' de Bosco; William Burdet; William of
Wibetot;
William of Kileby; William of Abteuilla; Ralph Fridai; Simeon the clerk; Robert the serjeant, of
Wikingeston;
Hugh the chaplain, of Wikstanesthowa; Richard of the Chamber (de Thalam'), of Wikingeston.
Large seal (part):
knight on horseback, on long plaited strings of green and red. 869. N.d. Grant and confirmation
by Ranulf the
clerk of Wikingest' to John his son, of a virgate of land in Wikingest , to wit, that which Ketel
held'. To hold to
him and his heirs freely, quietly and fully, in the town and without. of Robert of Champania and
his heirs;
rendering therefor See No. 868. 
WIGSTON 453 yearly 5s. at three terms, at the Purification of B.M., 20d., at Pentecost, 20d., and
at
Michaelmas, 20d. Witnesses: Henry of Champania, master Richard of Wikingest', Gilbert the
chamberlain,
William his brother. Hugh son of Edwin, Robert son of Godwin, Geruase of Knihttona, Adam
son of Richard of
Outhebia, lves son of Robert, Richard his brother. 870. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Helias,
son of Ranulf the
clerk, of Wikingest', to John his brother, for his homage and service, of a half virgate of land,
with a toft and
croft and all other appurtenances in Wikingest' : to wit, that half virgate which William, son of
Godric,
sometime held'. To hold to the said John, his heirs and assigns, of the said Helias and his heirs,
freely and in
heritage, with all the liberties and easements to the said land appertaining, within the town and
without;
rendering therefor yearly 2s. 9d. for all seivice save foreign service, to wit, at the Purification of
B.M., 1Id., at
Pentecost, IId., and at Michaelmas, IId. For this grant and confirmation the said John has given 3
marks of
silver. Warranty. Witnesses : master Richard of Wiking', Robert the chaplain; Ralph the serjeant;
Gilbert the
chamberlain; William his brother; Robert son of Godwin; Adam the clerk, of Outheb'; Geoffrey
of Sadint';
Lawrence the clerk. 871. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Helias, son of Ranulf of Wikingeston,
to John his
brother, for his homage and service, of a virgate of land which William, son of Godric, sometime
held, and the
half virgate of land which Thurbern sometime held'. To hold to him and his heirs of the said
Helias and his
heirs, with all the liberties and easements pertaining to the said land, within the town and
without; rendering
therefore yearly 53. and a flitch, for all service to them belonging, save foreign, to wit, at the
Purification of
B.M., 20d., at Pentecost, 20d., and at Michaelmas, 20d., and at Christmas a flitch. For the which
grant and
confirmation the said John has given to the said Helias 3 marka silver. Warranty. Witnesses:
master Richard of
Wiking', Reginald son of Adam, Hugh son of Eadwin, Gilebert the chamberlain. 'Sce No. 868.
21.e. one of the
two virgates mentioned in No. 868 : cf. No. 870. 
454 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS William his brother, Robert son of Godwin,
Robert son of John,
Nicholas son of Ranulf, Lawrence the clerk of Leyre, Seal (broken). 872. [After 1246-7.] Grant
and confirmation
by Helias, son of William Randulf of Nevton', to Robert his son, of 3s. rent payable yearly from
Richard, son of
John of Wikingeston and his heirs : to wit, those 3s. which the said Richard and his heirs are
bound to render to
the said Helias yearly, for a final concord made between the said Richard and Helias before the
king's justices
at Leycester, in the 3lst year of king Henry, son of king John, concerning two virgates of land
which the said
Helias demanded against the said Richard by the king's writ of right, in the town of Wikingeston.
To hold to the
said Robert and his lawful heirs: rendering therefor to the said Helias and his heirs a pair of white
gloves at
Michaelmas for all services, etc. Warranty of the said rent payable yearly at the terms stated in
the charter
which the said Richard gave to the said Helias. Remainder to the said Helias and his heirs.
Witnesses: William
Gundwi, of Newton; Robert at the mill. of Glen; Peter son of Roger, of Nevton; William son of
Walter, of Glen;
Geoffrey Pauey; William son of Adam, of Glen; Roger son of Jordan; William of Glen, clerk.
Seal gone. 873.
[After 1247.] Grant and confirmation, with quitclaim by Robert, son of Elyas of Neuton, to
Adam, son of
Richard Randolf of Wykinston, of 3s. silver of yearly rent. which the said Adam and his heirs
were bound to
render yearly to the said Robert by final concord made between the said Richard and the said
Elyas before the
king's justices at Leycestre, 31 Hen. III., concerning two virgates of land in the territory of
Wykinston, which the
said Elyas demanded against the said Richard by the king's writ of right. To hold. etc., with
homages, etc.,
therefrom forthcoming. Warranty. For this gift, grant and quitclaim the said Adam has given to
the said Rogert
40s. in silver in hand, and the said Robert and his heirs henceforward shall be able to have no
claim in the said
rent. Newton Harcourt. 
WIGSTON 455 Witnesses: sir Alexander of Arecurt; Ralph Friday. Henry Eyrig. Adam Toki.
Henry Coc. Roger
Thomas, of Wykinston; William Gundi, of Neuton; Richard on the hill (super montem), of
Outheby. Seal. 874.
N.d. Remission, grant and quitclaim by Robert. son of Elyas of Neuton, to Adam, son of Richard
Randolf of
Wykinston, of 3s. yearly rent which he was wont to render yearly and owed to the said Robert
from a virgate
and a half of land in the territory of Wykinston, to wit, from that virgate and a half which
Ranulph the clerk
bought of Hugh Champain. To hold to the said Adam, his heirs and assigns, freely, etc., for ever,
with homages,
services, reliefs, escheats, and all other issues and casualties in any wise from the said rent
forthcoming. For
this remission, etc., the said Adam has given 40s. in hand, that neither the said Robert nor his
heirs may
henceforward be able to have any claim in the said rent. Witnesses: sir Alexander de Arecurt;
Ralph Fridai;
Adam Thoki, Henry Coc, of Wykinston; William Gundi of Neuton; Richard on the hill of
Outheby; Simon son of
Hemeri; Henry the clerk. Seal gone. 875. N.d. Grant and confirmation by William, son of Elyas
of Neutona, to
Adam, son of Richard Randolf of Wykinstona, of all his right and claim in 3s. yearly rent, which
Robert, the said
William's brother, has sold to the said Adam, out of two virgates of land in the territory of
Wykynston; to wit,
those two virgates which Hugh Champayn sold to Ranulph the clerk'. To hold, etc., with the
homages. etc..
forthcoming therefrom. Witnesses: sir Alexander of Arecurt, Ralph Friday. Henry Eyrig. Adam
Thoky, of
Wykinston; William Gundi, of Nevton; Richard on the hill, of Outheby: Henry the clerk. Seal.
876. N.d. Grant
and confirmation by Alexander, son of Thomas of Wykinston, to Ralph Balle of the same town
and his heirs, of
4 selions of land in the fields of Wikinston : to 1L.e. Harcourt. 2See Nos. 868, etc. 

456 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS wit, one selion next the way of Glen, except one selion next the land of Richard Alwyne; one selion extending upon the headland of St Wistan', next the land of Richard Randolf one selion extending to the way of Hocthon', next the land of Richard Randolf; and one selion under Eyl, next the land of John Becke. To hold of the said Alexander and his heirs to the said Ralph, his heirs and assigns, freely and in heritage: rendering therefor yearly, for all services and demands. halfpenny at Michaelmas. For this gift and confirmation the said Ralph has given 30s. silver in hand. Warranty Witnesses: Roger, son of Thomas; Richard Koc; Richard. son of Simon; William the chamberlain; Richard Mabile; Richard the clerk; Thomas the clerk. Seal gone. 877. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Alexander, son of Thomas of Wykinston, to Ralph Balle of the same town and his heirs, of 5 selions of land in the fields of Wykinston, and the quarter of meadow which pertains to a virgate of land to wit. one selion of land next the way of Glen, except one selion next the land of Richard Alwine; one selion extending upon the headland of St Wystan, next the land of Richard Randolf: one selion extending upon the headland of John Herrec in Hoctangathe, next the land of Richard Randolf one selion under Heyl at the holm of Roger; one selion extending to Hawethorgathe upon the headland of Rober Lewy. next the land of John the smith; and the quarter of the said meadow, as it lies in common. To hold of the said Alexander and his heirs; rendering therefor yearly a halfpenny at Michaelmas. And for this gift and confirmation the said Ralph has given to the said Alexander 489. in hand. Warranty. Witnesses: Roger son of Thomas. Richard Koc. Richard son of Simon. William the chamberlain. Richard Mabile. Richard the clerk. Thomas the clerk. Seal gone. 878. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Alexander, son o Thomas of Wykinston, to Ralph Balle of the same town and his heirs, of 5 selions of land in the fields of Wykinston, and n. Houghtonal of St Wystar to the chap tly land belo No. 876. mentioned in four selione This incluc 
WIGSTON of the meadow which pertains to half a virgate of land: to wit. one selion Jas in No. 877); one selion (as in No. 877); one selion extending to the way of Hocthon, next the land of Richard Randolf; one selion under Eyl at the holm of Roger. next the land of John Becke; one selion extending to Blabygathe, upon the headland of Ranulf the smith, next the land of Richard Blund; and the meadow which pertains to half a virgate of land in the fields of Wikinston. To hold of the said Alexander, his heirs or their assigns. freely, etc.; rendering therefor yearly, for all services and demands. a halfpenny at Michaelmas, and for relief, if it is appurtenant. Id. And for this gift and confirmation the said Ralph has given to the said Alexander 60s. in hand. Warranty. Witnesses as in No. 877. Seal gone. 879. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Alexander, son of Thomas of Wykingeston, to Ralph Balle of the same town. for 6 marks silver, which the said Ralph has given him in hand, of 6 selions of land in the fields of Wykingeston, and the meadow which pertains to that half virgate of land which the said Alexander sometime held': to wit. one selion next the way of Glen, except one selion next the land of Richard Aldwyne; one selion upon the headland of St Wystan, next the land of Richard Blund: one selion extending to the way of Hocthon, next the land of Richard Aldvine; one selion under Eyl at the holm of Roger. next the land of John Becke ene selion extending to the way of Blaby. next the land o Richard Blund: one selion next Cappehauitland, next the lanc of Robert of Tring: and the said meadow, in the common meadow of Wykingeston. To hold of the said Alexander, his heirs, and their heirs and assigns, freely and in heritage rendering therefor yearly, for all secular services, etc., a halfpenny at Michaelmas, and for relief, when it is appurtenant. Id. Warranty. Witnesses: Roger son of Thomas, Richard Koc, Richard son of Simon, William the chamberlain. Richard Mabile. Richard the clerk. Richard Randolf, Thomas the clerk. Ralph Freman, William of Bruethon'. Seal. Thie includes the five selione previously specified. PProbably Broughton Astley. 

458 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 880. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Nicholas
of Kampania to Ralph
Balle and Hysenda his wife, for their homage and service, of a plot of land in the town of
Wykingstone, lying in
Hecroft, next the land of Henry son of Symon on S., containing in itself length and breadth with
the land of
William Kocus: to enclose, build and inhabit, with free entry and exit. To hold of the said
Nicholas and his heirs
freely, etc.; rendering therefor yearly for all secular services, etc., save foreign service, 3a. silver,
to wit, at the
Purification of blessed Mary, 12d., at Pentecost, 12d., and at Michaelmas, 12d. For this gift and
confirmation
the said Ralph has given to the said Nicholas 24s. in hand. Warranty. Witnesses: Henry son of
Symon, John the
smith, Richard son of Symon, of Wykigstone; Roger son of Thomas, clerk; Roger the chaplain;
Ralph Freman,
Richard the clerk; Matthew the clerk, of Wykigstone. Seal gone. 881. N.d. Grant by Ralph Balle
of Wikyngeston,
with quitclaim, to Alice his daughter, of a toft and croft in the town of Wikyngeston next the toft
sometime of
Henry son of Symon, and of a selion of land in the field of Wikyngeston. next to Qippehundlad
next the land of
Robert Betrich, and of the third part of the meadow in the common meadows of Wikyngeston
which
appertains to that half virgate of land which Alexander son of Thomas of Wikyngston sometime
held, with all
the appurtenances, liberties and easements appertaininf or adjacent to the premises. To hold of
Nicholas de
Kampania, the chief lord, and his heirs or assigns, to him and her heirs, or to whomsoever she
will give, sell,
assign or bequeath the premises, freely, quit, entirely, and in heritage. in good prosperity or in
any sickness,
rendering therefor yearly for the said toft and croft to the said Nicholas de Kampania, his heirs or
assigns,
three shillings, to wit, at Michaelmas 12d., at the Purification of blessed Mary 12d., and at
Pentecost 12d.; and
for the said selion and meadow. and five other selions of land and two parts of the meadow
appertaining to
half a virgate of land in the common meadows of Wikyngeston which were given to her two
sisters, as in their
charters is more fully contained to the said Nicholas. his heirs or assigns, for all worldly services,
demands, or
exactions, a halfpenny at Michaelmas, saving as much foreign 
WIGSTON service as appertains to the said land, and a penny for relief, if it is appurtenant. The
grantor wills,
however, that Hysenda his wife shall have her habitation for the whole of her life in the said
house with the
said Alice his daughter, and shall have moreover victual and raiment from the whole land and
meadow given
to his three daughters, as she ought to have of right. Warranty. Witnesses: Ralph Friday of
Wikyngeston, Henry
son of Symon, Henry the smith. William the cook, Ralph Goidwine, Richard the clerk, Ralph
Freman, William of
Wikyngestone the clerk. Seal gone. 882. [1259-60, 21 Jan.] Covenant (indenture), made on St
Agnes day, 44
Henry III., between Richard son of John of Wykinggeston and Robert son of Elyas of Neuton.
Richard recognises
and grants, for himself and his heirs, to Robert. his heirs or assigns, 3s. of yearly rent with the
appurtenances in
Wykinggeston; to wit, the 3s. which Elyas, father of Robert. gave to the same Robert his son for
the homage
and service * of a virgate of land with the appurtenances in Wykinggeston. To have, etc., to
Robert, his heirs or
assigns. of Richard, his heirs or assigns, at three terms of the year; to wit. at the Purification of St
Mary. 12d., at
the feast of St John the Baptist, 12d.; and at Michaelmas, 12d. And if it happen that William, son
of the said
Elyas, or Agnes. mother of the said Robert, under pretext of dower, will challenge or exact any
right or claim in
the premises. Robert has granted the premises to warrant, for himself and his heirs. to Richard,
his heirs and
assigns, against the said William and Agnes and their heirs. Witnesses: Robert atte Mill (ad
molendinum) of
Glen; William son of Adam of Glen; Peter son of Roger, and William Gundwy of Neuton;
Richard Mabile of
Wykinggeston; Henry Symun and Richard his brother; William Derling and Hugh Dauy of
Outheby, and many
others. 8824. Counterpart of same. Seal. *Counterpart has : for his homage and service; the
which also the said
Elyas, father of the said Robert, recovered in the king'a court of the said Richard by a final
concord made
between them concerning a virgate (etc.). 
 460 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 883. N.d. Grant by Hawise, daughter of Hugh
Coc, to Ralph son of
Robert Godwine, for his homage and service and for 16s. of silver paid in hand, of a toft in the
town of
Wikingeston, with the ditch appertaining thereto, lying next the toft of Robert Godwine, which
abuts upon the
toft of Robert Gamel, with free entry and exit to the said toft; that toft. to wit. which Richard, the
spouse of
the said Hawise. and she formerly sold to the said Ralph. To hold, etc., of the said Hawise and
her heirs freely,
etc., rendering therefor yearly at Christmas a penny for all service, etc. Warranty. And, for the
more surety of
this gift and grant, the said Hawise has made affidavit and has sworn upon the Gospels that never
in her life,
whatsoever may befall concerning the said Richard her spouse, will she move a plea against the
said Ralph, his
heirs or assigns by occasion of the said toft. subjecting herself to the jurisdiction of the
archdeacon of
Leycester or his official, to compel her by sentence of excommunication to keep the said grant,
renouncing all
cavilling and all suits of writs (impetracioni) from the court of Rome or the king's court.
Witnesses: Ralph
Friday, Richard the clerk, John the smith, Richard son of Mabel, Robert Godwine, Richard son of
Simon. Ralph
Freman. Top part of seal. Endorsed (16th cent.) ! toft & fossat. 884. 1269, 20 Dec. JEve of St
Thomas the
apostle.) Grant and confirmation by Alice, daughter of Serlo of Wikingiston, sometime the wife
of Richard, son
of Symon of Wikingiston, in her free widowhood and lawful power, to Ralph Godwine of
Wikingiston, for 14s.
silver which he has given her in hand, of a rood of land lying in the west field of Wikingiston
upon Gonewarehil,
between the land of Henry, son of Symon, and the land of William Juwet. To hold of the said
Alice and her
heirs to the said Ralph, his heirs or assigns, to wit, to whom he will give, etc., the premises in
health or in
sickness, freely, etc.; rendering therefor yearly a halfpenny at Pentecost for all services, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Henry, son of Symon; Adam Randolf; Henry. 
NICSrO son of John the smith; Adam Toki, Henry Coc. Richard the clerk. Walter the clerk. Seal.
885. 1269. 21
Dec. (St Thomas the apostle.] Grant and confirmation by Henry, son of Richard, son of Symon of
Wikingiston,
to Ralph Godwine of Wikingiston, of a rood of land, which Alice, mother of the said Henry, in
her free
widowhood and lawful power, gave, granted and confirmed to the same Ralph: to wit, that rood
of land lying
in the west field of Wikingiston upon Gonewarehil, between the land of Henry, the said Henry's
uncle, and that
of William Juwet. To hold to the said Ralph, his heirs and assigns, to whom he will give, etc., the
premises in
health or in sickness, freely, etc., by free service of a halfpenny yearly at Pentecost for all
services, etc.
Witnesses: Henry, son of Symon; Henry, son of John the smith; Adam Randolf; Adam Toki;
Henry Coc; Richard
the clerk, of Wikingiston; Walter the clerk. Seal. 886. 1271, 8 July. Grant and confirmation by
Emma, daughter
of Richard Symun of Wykingiston, in her free widowhood and lawful power, to Margery,
daughter of Henry
Symun of Wykingiston, for a mark of silver which the said Margery has fully given her in hand,
of a selion of
arable land lying in the north field of Wykingiston, and extending into Portgate, next the land of
Ralph Wych.
To hold of the said Emma and her heirs to the said Margery, her heirs and assigns, to wit, to
whom she will
give, etc., the premises in health or in sickness; rendering therefor yearly for all services, etc., a
rose at the
Nativity of St John Baptist. Warranty. Witnesses: Ralph Friday, Henry Eyrec, Adam Toki, Adam
Randolf, Henry
Coc, Henry the smith, Walter the clerk. Seal. Endorsed: Carta de terra Emme Simon. 887. 1271.
7 Dec. Grant
and confirmation by Alice, daughter of Serlo of Wykynggeston, in her free widowhood and
lawful power, to
Margery, daughter of Henry Symon of 
 462 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Wykynggeston, for 10s. silver, which the said
Margery has given her
fully in hand, of a selion of arable land lying in the north field of Wykynggeston, and extending
into Normedwe,
next the land that was of Ralph the serjeant on the one side, and that of Ralph Freman on the
other, with the
headland and all the appurtenances. To hold of the said Alice and her heirs to the said Margery,
her heirs or
assigns, to wit, to whom she will give, etc., the premises in health or in sickness, freely, etc.;
rendering therefor
yearly, for all services, etc., a rose at the Nativity of St John Baptist. Warranty. Witnesses: Henry
Heyrec, Adam
Toki, Adam Randulf, Henry Koc, Henry the smith, Robert the clerk. Seal. 888. 1272, 14 Dec.
[morrow of St Lucy).
Grant and confirmation by Emma, daughter of Richard Simun of Wykingeston, in her free
widowhood and
lawful power, to Simon, son of Henry of Wykingeston, for 14s. which he has given her in hand,
of a selion of
arable land lying in the west field of Wykingeston, upon the Hountheng, next the land of sir
parson (domini
persone) on one side, and that of Robert Spire on the other. To hold of the said Emma and her
heirs to the said
Simon, his heirs and assigns, to wit, to whom he will give, etc., the premises in health or in
sickness, freely. etc.;
rendering therefor yearly, for all services, etc., a rose at the feast of St John Baptist. Warranty.
Witnesses:
Ralph Friday, Henry Eyrec, Adam Toki, Adam Randolf, of Wykingeston; Henry Coc, Henry the
smith. Seal.
Endorsed : Carta de terra Emme Simon. 889. 1272-3, 22 Feb. [St Peter in the Chair). Grant by
Alice, relict of
Richard Symunt of Wykingiston, in her free widowhood and liege power, to Symon son of Henry
of the same,
for ten marks of silver which he has given her in hand. of 13 selions of arable land lying in the
territory of
Wykingiston, to wit, one selion at Brochilslade ouereende on E., next the land of Adam Toky; a
selion extending
into Brochilslade. next the land of Alexander of Harecourt; a selion near the way of Brochilslade,
next the land
of Roger Swan; a selion extending into Cleyhilsike, next the headland of the said Roger 
WIGSTON Swan; a selion upon Toftis, next the land of John Wykyng; a selion stretching
forward into
Fulewellegate, next the land of Robert Beatrich; a selion upon Neprotis, next the land of Robert
le Surreys; a
selion extending upon Bulgerishauidlond, next the land of the said Roger Swan; a selion upon
Thackyrhil, next
the land of the said Roger Swan; a selion upon le Moriwong, next the land of William lueth; a
selion at le Pith,
next the land of the said Roger Swan; a selion abutting into Houtonegate, next the land which
was of Ralph
Balle; a selion stretching forward into Houtonegate, next the land of the said Roger Swan, with
the
appurtenances and with a dole of meadow in the meadow of Wykingiston, which abuts towards
the mill of
Foston, with the appurtenances and with the whole pasture which appertains to half a virgate of
land in the
pasture of Wykingiston, to wit, all that pasture appertaining to that half virgate of land which was
of Serlo son
of Ranulf the clerk, father of the said Alice. To hold, etc. of the said Alice and her heirs,
rendering therefor
yearly a penny at Whitsuntide for all services, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : sir Alexander de
Harecourt, Adam
Randolf, Adam Toky, Henry the smith, Henry Coc, Ralph Freman, Henry Eyrek, Ranulf son of
Agnes, of
Wykingiston; Roger the clerk. Seal. Endorsed (later hand): Carta de terra Alicie Simon. 890.
1272-3. 1 March
(Wednesday in the first weck of Lent. Grant by the same to the same, for four marks of silver
paid in hand, of
four selions of arable land lying in the territory of Wykingiston, to wit, one selion at the foot of
Goldehil, next
the land of John Wyking; a selion extending into le Wodegate, next the land of Adam Toki; a
selion between
the paths, next the land of Adam Toki; and a selion in a straight line next the way of Neuton, next
the land of
sir Alexander de Harecurt. To hold, etc. Jas in the previous charter. Warranty. Witnesses: sir
Alexander de
Harecurt, Ralph Friday, Henry Eyrek, Adam Toky, Henry the smith, Ralph Freman, Henry Coc,
Adam Randolf,
Ranulf son of Agnes, William Cook, Roger the clerk. Seal. Endorsed as previous charter. 
464 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 891. N.d. (1272-3). Grant by Amice, daughter
of Richard Symunt of
Wykyngiston, to Symon son of Henry of the same, for lOs. of silver which he has given in hand,
of a rood of
arable land lying in the fields of Wykyngiston, next the land which the same Symon bought of
Alice her mother
and abutting as far as Brockelislade ouereende. To hold, etc., rendering therefor yearly a rose at
the Nativity of
St John Baptist for all service, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Adam Randolf, Adam Toky, Henry
Cok. Henry Eyrek,
Henry the smith, Robert Abouetun, of Wykingiston; Roger the clerk. Seal. Endorsed as the
previous chapter.
892. 1280, 22 Dec. [Sunday after St Thomas the Apostle, 9 Edw. I.] Indenture between William
of Wyschton' of
Wykyngiston and Rose (Roysia) his wife, and Symon son of Henry of Wykyngiston, his heirs or
assigns, by which
the said William and Rose engage to indenture to the said Symon a virgate of land with the
appurtenances in
Wykyngiston, to wit, that which they sold to Symon, where and whensoever Symon, his heirs or
assigns, will, in
the presence of any justices in eyre in the realm of England whom Symon, etc., will choose,
immediately after
Symon, etc., shall have sued out the king s writ to this effect; and this at the costs of Symon, etc.
In default
whereof they allow and are bound by lawful stipulation to give and pay to the new aid of the lord
king. under
the name of forfeit, ú10 sterling, and to Symon ú60 sterling. And they grant, for themselves and
their heirs,
that, if they make default in the said indenture, the sheriff of Leycester or his bailiffs shall have
power, without
any gainsaying, to compel them, by all the goods, movable and immovable, of themselves and
their heirs, had
and to have, wheresoever they shall be found in the realm of England, to pay the said ú10 to them
and the said
ú60 to Symon, his heirs or assigns, within fifteen days of such default; and none the less they
grant to make
indenture as aforesaid. Witnesses: sir Peter son of Roger, sir Alexander de Harcurt, knights;
Richard de
Erndisby; Ralph Friday of Wykyngiston; Adam Randolf; Adam Toky; Henry the smith Sec No.
889. *l.e.
Whetstone. 
WICSTON (fabro); master Robert VIf of Outheby; Richard on the Hill (super le Hil) of Outheby;
Adam Derling of
Outheby; Roger Charity (Caritas), clerk. and others. Seals, pointed oval, green wax: (1) an
eight-petalled flower
legend, s'' w ISTON; (2) a cross with each arm crossed. legend : S' ROSIE DE WYSTVN. 893.
N.d. Grant and
quitclaim by William of Wiston in Wikingston to Simon, son of Henry of Wikingston, of all his
right in a
messuage which lies next the churchyard of St Wystan, and in two and a half virgates of land and
all the rent
and service of Robert of Skeftington, Ralph Gower, Richard Pollinc, Matthew the clerk and
Roger Bototurd in
Wikingston, to wit, in those 21 virgates which William le Hengleis sometime held of the said
William. Warranty.
Witnesses : Simon, son of Peter of Little Glen; Nicholas of Blaby; Matthew the clerk of
Wikingeston; Richard
Pollinc, Robert Balle, Richard Koc, of Wikingeston; Richard the clerk. Seal. 894. N.d. Grant and
confirmation by
William of Wyston to Simon, son of Henry of Wikingeston, of a virgate and the fourth part of a
virgate of land
in Wikingeston, containing in themselves 27 acres of land, and the acres contain in themselves
1334 selions;
and of two acres of meadow, containing in themselves nine parcels; and of 23d. (sic) rent, to be
received of
Ralph Gower, 18d., of Robert of Skeftington, Id., of Richard Pollink, Id., of Matthew the clerk,
14d., of the
rector of the church of Wikingston, d., even as the said William was wont to receive of the said
Ralph, Robert,
Richard, Matthew, and Roger the rector, for the land which they held of him in Wikeston,
together with
homages, services, reliefs, recognisances, escheats, and all other issues and casualties from the
said rent and
land forthcoming. To wit, that virgate and fourth part of a virgate of land, and that meadow and
rent, which sir
Edmund, the son of king Henry, earl of Leycester', recovered in the king's court against the said
William and his
tenants by Jewry; to wit, for the debt of 15 sacks of wool wherein he was bound to Aron son of
Viues', the Jew
of the said sir Edmund. To hold of the chief lord, The date of the document is thus later than
1265. 
 466 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS etc., rendering yearly to the said William, his
heirs and assigns, a
peppercorn at Christmas for all secular services and all manner demands. Warranty. Witnesses:
Adam Randolf,
Matthew the clerk, John Godwine, Henry the smith, Roger Mabile, Robert Halle, John the clerk,
of Wikingston;
Richard the clerk. Seal. 895. N.d. Grant by William Wyschton of Wykingeston, with the consent
and assent of
Rose his wife, to Symon son of Henry of Wykingeston, for his service, of two selions lying in the
territory of
Wykingestun, whereof one lies upon Hauthernehil between the land of William Abbot and that of
William of
Hamtona, and abuts upon the headland of John Heyreke, and the other lies upon Bretterhul
between the land
of John Balle and that of Ralph Scweting, and abuts upon the headland of William Wybere (?).
To hold of the
said William and Rose, etc., rendering yearly a rose at the Nativity of St John Baptist for all
service. Warranty.
Witnesses: sir Peter son of Roger, Richard of Herendisby', Ralph Friday of Wykingeston, Adam
Randolf, Adam
Toky, Henry the smith, of the same; Robert Holf' of Oudeby. Portion of one seal. 896. N.d.
Indenture of grant
and confirmation by John, son of Martin of Bail, of Wetston, to Symon, son of Henry of
Wykyngiston. and
Eleanor his wife, of a half virgate of land in the territory of Wykyngiston, that, to wit, which
Richard le Surreys
sometime held, with all its appurtenances, to wit, in meadows, etc., to the premises belonging,
both within the
said territory and without. To hold of the said John and his heirs to the said Symon and Eleanor
for the term of
their life, in survivorship, freely, etc.; rendering therefor 1Os. silver at three terms of the year, to
wit, at the
Purification of B.M., 3s. 4d., at Pentecost, 3s. 4d., and at Michaelmas, 3s. 4d., for all secular
services and
demands. Power of distraint, if the said Symon and Eleanor be in default at any term. Warranty.
Witnesses:
Ralph Friday, Adam Randolf, Adam Toky, Henry the smith, Robert Abovetun, William the cook,
of Wykyngiston;
Roger Caritas, clerk. Fragment of seal. Arnesby. *VIf. Cf. the witnesses to No. 892. 
WIGSTON 897. N.d. Demise and grant by Margery, relict of John of Wyntirburne, in her free
widowhood and
liege power, to Symon son of Henry of Wykyngiston, of half a virgate of land in Wykyngiston,
which she had by
the name of dower after the decease of John of Wyntirburne, sometime her husband. To hold,
etc., of the said
Margery, rendering to her as long as she lives 8s. of silver at two terms of the year, to wit, at
Easter 48. and at
Michaelmas 4s., at the town of Holte. Warranty. Witnesses: Adam Randolf, Adam Thoky, Henry
Cok, Henry
Eyrek, Henry the smith, Robert Abouetun, of Wykyngiston. Seal gone. 898. N.d. Grant and
confirmation by
Robert of Chaumpayne, kt., to Robert Balle of Wykinggeston, for his service, of a selion of
arable land lying in
the fields of Wykingeston, in Boyteresyke, between the land of the said Robert Balle and that of
Robert of
Foston, and extending from the king's way to the headland of Ellen Sweting; the which selion
John le Palmere
sometime held. To hold of the said Robert of Chaumpayne and his heirs, freely, etc., in fee and
heritage, for
ever; rendering yearly therefor a rose at the Nativity of St John Baptist. Warranty. Witnesses:
Simon of
Wykingeston; Adam Randolf, John Godwyn, Matthew the clerk, Roger Mabylle, of
Wykingeston; William Balle;
John of London, clerk. Seal gone. 899. N.d. Indenture of grant and confirmation by John, son of
Martin of Bayl,
of West" to Robert Balle of Wykyng and Alice Danuers, his wife, of half a virgate of land in the
territory of
Wyking', that, to wit, which Robert Spire sometime held, with all its appurtenances, to wit, in
meadows, etc. To
hold of the said John and his heirs to the said Robert and Alice for the term of their life, in
survivorship;
rendering therefor yearly 1Os. silver at three terms of the year: to wit, at the Purification of B.M.,
3s. 4d., at
Pentecost, 3s. 4d., and at Michaelmas, 3s. 4d., for all services and secular demands. Power of
distraint to the
said John, if the said Robert and hetatone. 
 468 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Alice make default at any term in the payment
of the said yearly
farm. Warranty. Saving to the said Robert and Alice the whole crop which is on the same land at
the day of
their death until Michaelmas next after their decease. Witnesses: Ralph Friday, of Wyking; Adam
Randulf,
Adam Teky (sic), Henry the smith, Robert Abouet', William the cook, of the same; Richard the
clerk, of Little
Glen. Two seals. 8994. Counterpart of same. Fragment of seal. 900. N.d. Grant and confirmation
by John of
Bayl, of Wheston, to Robert Balle of Wykingeston and Alice his wife, and the heirs and assigns
of the same
Robert, for a sum of money which the said Robert and Alice have given in hand, of a half virgate
of arable land
in the fields of Wykingeston, which Robert Spyre sometime held, with the meadow, etc., to the
said tenement
belonging in all places within the limits of the fields of Wykingeston. To hold of the chief lords,
etc., to the said
Robert Balle and Alice, and the heirs and assigns of the same Robert, to whomsoever, etc., freely,
etc., in fee
and heritage, doing to the said chief lords the services therefor due and accustomed, to wit, the
fourth part of
a pound of cumin, for all services, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : sir Robert of Chaumpayne, kt.;
Simon of
Wykingeston; Nicholas of Harecurt; Adam Randolf, of Wykingeston; Adam Toky; John
Godwyn; Henry the
smith; William Hutte; John of London, clerk. Seal. Endorsed : The specyall ded of ball ys howse.
901. N.d. Grant
and confirmation by Matthew of Wykingston, clerk, to Robert Balle of Wikingston and Alice his
wife, for 26s.
8d. which the said Robert and Alice have given in hand, of an acre of arable land in the east field
of Wikingston;
whereof two selions lie upon Mokilhow, between the land which Nicholas of Campanya
sometime held, and
that of Robert Giuur; a half rood lies between the land which the said Nicholas sometime held in
Blacwelsick
on either side; two selions lie opposite Hungertonhill, between the land which the said Nicholas
sometime
held, and that of Beatrice Friday; and a selion lies opposite Hungertonhill, between the 
WIGSTON land which the said Nicholas sometime held on either side. To hold of William of
Wyston and Rose
his wife, and their heirs, chief lords of the fee; rendering therefor the sixteenth part of a penny
yearly at
Christmas, for all secular service and demand. Warranty. Witnesses: Simon, son of Henry of
Wikingston; Adam
Randolf. Adam Toky, Ralph Godewin, John Godewin, Henry the smith, William the cook, of the
same; Roger
Mabille, clerk. Seal gone. 902. N.d. Grant and quitclaim by John, son of Richard Symunt of
Wykingstona, to
Robert, son of Ralph Balle of the same, of a selion of land, lying in the territory of Wykingston,
in Folepit,
between the land of Richard of le Bellehus and the land which Richard Balle held, and extending
to le
Brodestanibrig. To hold to the said Robert, his heirs or assigns, freely, etc., for ever, and to
whomsoever he will
give, sell. or bequeath it, whether in sickness or in health. For which gift, grant and quitclaim, the
said Robert
has given to the said John a certain sum of money in hand. Witnesses: Ralph Friday, Symon son
of Henry, Adam
Randolf, Adam Thoki, Henry Coc, Henry the smith, of Wykinston; Henry the clerk. Seal gone.
903. N.d. Grant
and confirmation by Amice, daughter of Richard Symunt of Wykingstona', to Robert, son of
Ralph Balle of the
same, for 7s. silver which the said Robert has given her fully in hand, of a selion of land lying in
the territory of
Wykingstona, in Folepit, between the land of Richard of le Bellehus and that which Richard
Balle held, and
extending to Brodestanibrig. To hold of the said Amice and her heirs. freely, etc., and to
whomsoever the said
Robert will give. etc., the premises, both in sickness and in health; rendering therefor a farthing
yearly at
Christmas, for all services, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Ralph Friday, Symon son of Henry, Adam
Randolf, Adam
Thoki, Henry Coc, Henry the smith, of Wykingston; Henry the clerk. Seal gone. Cf. No. 891. 
470 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 904. N.d. Grant and confirmation, with
quitclaim, by Amice, daughter
of Ralph Balle of Wykingistun, to Robert Balle of Wykyng', her brother, and Alice his wife, and
the heirs of the
same Robert, of two selions of land lying in the fields of Wykyng' : to wit, one selion extending
upon the
headland of St Wystan, next the land of William the cook, and one selion under Heyl, next the
land of Roger
Swan To hold, etc., freely, etc. For this gift, grant and quitclaim the said Robert and Alice have
given 20s. silver.
Warranty. Witnesses : Symon, son of Henry, of Wykyng'; Matthew the clerk, Adam Toky, Henry
the smith,
William the cook, of the same; John the clerk. 905. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Joan,
daughter of Ralph
Balle of Wikingston, to Robert Balle her brother, for his service, of three selions of land lying in
the territory of
Wykingston; of the which one selion lies at the way of Houcton, extending upon the headland of
John Eyrek,
the second lies abutting into Hawethorn gate, next the land of Henry the smith, and the third lies
next the way
of Glen, next the land of Roger Swan. To hold, etc., to the said Robert, his heirs or assigns,
freely, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: Ralph Fryday; Symon, son of Henry; Adam Rand; Adam Thoky; Henry the
smith; William
the cook; Richard Polling. of Wykingiston; Matthew of the same, clerk. No seal. 906. N.d. Grant
and
confirmation by Joan, daughter of Ralph Balle of Wykingiston, to Robert Balle her brother and
Alice his wife,
for their service, of three selions of land lying in the territory of Wykingiston: whereof one selion
lies at
Houttone gate, next the land of Roger Swan, and extends upon the headland of John Eyrek; the
second lies
abutting into Hawethorn gate, next the land of Henry the smith; anc the third lies next Glen gate,
next the land
of Roger Swan. To hold to the said Robert and Alice, and their heirs or assigns freely, etc., for
ever. Witnesses:
Ralph Friday, Simon son of Henry, Adam Rand'. Adam Toky. Henry the smith, William the
cook, Richard Polling,
of Wykingiston; Matthew of the same, clerk. Seal. See Noe. 876, 877. 
WIGSTON 907. N.d. Grant and confirmation, and quitclaim, by Joan, daughter of Ralph Balle of
Wykinggiston,
in her pure maidenhead, to Robert Balle her brother and Alice his wife, her chief lord, and their
heirs or their
assigns, of 3 selions of arable land in the fields of Wykyngiston, which the said Joan had of the
gift of Ralph
Balle her father; whereof one selion lies at Houctongate, next the land of Roger Swan. one at
Hauthingate,
next the land of Henry the smith, and one next the way of Glen, next the land of Roger Swan: for
40s. of silver,
which the said Robert and Alice have given to the said Joan in hand. To hold to the said Robert
and Alice. etc.,
freely and quietly, so that neither the said Joan nor her heirs, nor any other in her name, shall
henceforward be
able to require or claim any right in the premises. Witnesses: Ralph Friday, Simon son of Henry.
Adam Rand',
Adam Toky, Henry the smith, William the cook, Richard Polling, of Wykingiston. Seal. 908.
N.d. Grant and
confirmation by William of Wiston, in Wikingston, with the consent and assent of Roysia his
wife and of his
heirs, to Robert Balle of Wikingeston and Alice his wife, for a sum of money which the said
Robert and Alice
have given in hand, of a rood and a half of arable land in the field of Wikingston, and two butts
of arable land
in the said field : to wit, the rood and a half lying between the land of Eustace Bercarius and that
of the said
Robert and Alice, and abutting upon the headland which Henry Serle sometime held, and as far
as Stanbrig;
and the said two butts lying into Blacwelsick, next the land which Nicholas of Campania
sometime held, on one
side, and that of Henry at the well, on the other. To hold of the chief lord, etc., freely. etc.,
rendering therefor
to the said William and Roysia, thei heirs and assigns, a peppercorn at Christmas, for all services,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Simon, son of Henry of Wikingston; Adam Toky. Adam Randolf, Henry the smith,
Ralph Godwin,
John Godwin, John Simon, William the cook. William Hut, of the same. Seal. 909. N.d. Grant
and confirmation
by Robert, son of Ralph Balle of Wykinston, to Alice his sister, of all his right 
472 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS and claim in a toft and croft in the town of
Wykinston, next the toft
which was sometime of Henry, son of Symon; and in a selion of land in the territory of
Wykinston, between the
headland which Henry Symon sometime held, and the land of Robert Betrich; and in the whole
meadow which
appertains to that half virgate of land which Alexander, son of Thomas of Wykinston, sometime
held'. To hold
to the said Alice, her heirs and assigns, freely, etc., to whomsoever and whensoever she will give,
etc., the
premises in sickness and in health; rendering therefor yearly to the said Robert and his heirs 4s.
silver at two
terma of the year, to wit, at Christmas, 2s., and at the Nativity of St John Baptist, 2s., for all
services and
secular demands. Warranty. Witnesses: William the cook, Adam Randolf, Henry Coc. Ralph
Godwyne, Symon
son of Henry, of Wykinston; Henry the clerk. Seal gone. 910. N.d. Grant and confirmation, with
quitclaim. by
Joan, daughter of Ralph Balle of Wykinston, and Amice her sister, to Alice their sister, of all
their meadow in
the meadows of Wykinston, which the said Ralph their father gave them. and which pertains to
that half
virgate of land which Alexander, son of Thomas of Wykinston, sometime held. To hold to the
said Alice, her
heirs and assigns, freely, etc., rendering therefor yearly to Robert, their brother, his heirs or
assigns, 32d. at
two terms of the year, to wit, at Christmas 16d., and at the Nativity of St John Baptist l6d. for all
services, etc.
Witnesses: William the cook. Adam Randolf, Adam Thoky. Henry the smith, Henry Coc, Ralph
Godwyne, Symon
son of Henry. Henry the clerk. Seals gone. 911. N.d. Release and quitclaim by Simon of Wyking
geston to
Robert Balle of Wykingeston, for his service, of all his right in two selions of land in the fields of
Wykingeston.
lying in Blacwellesyke between the land of sir Robert of Chaumpayne and that of Henry at the
well, next le
Gore; which sir Edmund, earl of Leycester, deraigned in the king's court in the name of Aaron,
son of Vyues, his
Jew'. Cf. No. 881. *Cf. No. 894. 
WIGSTON Witnesses: Adam Randolf, Henry the smith, John Godwyn, Matthew the clerk.
William the cook,
William Hutte, of Wykingeston; John the clerk. Seal gone. 912. N.d. Demise, delivery, and grant
by Symon, son
of Henry of Wykingston, to Mildred, sometime the wife of Reynald at the church of Wykingston,
of a toft of
land lying in the town of Wykingston, next the toft of Reynald Balle; the which toft Richard
Goluere held. To
hold of the said Symon and his heirs to the said Mildred, for the term of her life; rendering
therefor yearly 6d.
silver at three terms of the year, to wit, at the Purification of B.M., 2d., at Pentecost, 2d., and at
Michaelmas,
2d., for all secular service, etc. Warranty. Reversion to the said Symon and his heirs. Witnesses :
Nicholas
Harcourt; Adam Randolf, Matthew the clerk. Henry the smith, of Wykingston; Robert Pakeman.
of Kerby'. Seal
gone. 913. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Simon, son of Henry of Wykyngeston, to Richard, son
of Adam
Randulf, of Wykyngeston, of a messuage, 64 acres of land, and a rood and a half of land with the
meadow
adjoining, with a half virgate of pasture in Wykyngeston : that messuage, to wit, which was of
William of
Whyhston, and the land whereof a rood lies next Neutone gate, next the land of William Betrich.
2 roods at
Brochulslade ouerende, next the land of Adam Toky, one rood in Brochulslade, next the land of
the bailiwick,
half a rood along Brochulslade, next the land of Ralph son of Roger, half a rood in to
Caluerelewese, a rood
upon Blakemilde, next the land of Adam Toky, a rood and a half at Cleyelesike, next the land of
Ralph son of
Roger, a rood and a half upon Houndheng, next the land of Richard Swan. half an acre in to
Folewellegate, next
the land of William Betrich, a rood and a half upon Moriwong, next the land of the bailiwick, a
rood at
Goldhulfot, next the land of John Wykyng, a rood in to Wodegate, next the land of Adam Toky, a
rood abutting
upon Bulgereshauedlond, next the land of Adam Toky, a rood upon Neprodes, abutting upon the
headland of
John Balle, a rood and a half at Portgate, next Kirby Muxloe. 
474 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS the land of William Betrich, a rood into
Portgate, next the land of
William Wych, a rood in to Northmedwe, next the land of Ralph son of Roger, a rood under
Thackerhul, next
the land of Ralph son of Roger, a rood and a half at Thackersike ouerende, next the land of Adam
Toky, a rood
next Houtonegate, next the land of Robert Balle, a rood in to Houtonegate, next the land of Ralph
son of
Roger, a rood and a half between le Styes, next the land of Adam Toky, a rood and a half into
Hungertonesike,
next the land of Ralph son of Roger. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: Thomas Martyn,
of Ernesby;
William, son of Simon of Wykyngeston; Adam Randulf; Adam, son of Simon of Wykyngeston.
Seal. 914. N.d.
Grant and confirmation by Lawrence son of Roger son of Thomas of Wykinston, to William Vtte
of Wykinston
and Amice his wife, daughter of Reynald Wynter of the same, of six selions of land in the
territory of
Wykinston; to wit, one selion stretching as far as the lower way towards Hocton, between the
land belonging
to the church of Wykinston and the land which Richard le Surteys sometime held; one selion
stretching as far
as the way towards Foston, between the land of Richard son of Mabel and the land which
Richard le Surteys
sometime held; two selions stretching as far as into Wodegate, between the land which was of
William
Chamberlain (Camerarii) and the land which Richard Balle sometime held; one selion stretching
as far as into
Boytersyke by the headland which Ralph Wych sometime held; and one selion stretching as far
as
Blagwellesyke, between the land of Richard the clerk (clerici) and the land of Robert Gamyl. To
hold, etc., to
William and Amice and their heirs lawfully begotten of Amice, by a yearly rent of a halfpenny to
Lawrence and
his heirs at Whitsuntide, reversion to Lawrence and his heirs, if Amice die without an heir
begotten of her
body. Witnesses: Symon son of Henry of Wykinston: Henry the smith; Henry Coc; Ralph
Godwyne; Adam
Randolf; Henry the clerk, and others. 915. 1292, 6 April JEaster, 20 Edw. I.] Grant and quitclaim
by Amice,
daughter of Richard Symund of Wykingeston, to Robert, son of Ralph Balle of Wykingeston, of
a 
WIGSTON farthing of yearly rent which Robert was wont to pay yearly at Christmas for a selion
of arable land
in the fields of Wykingeston in Folepyth, next the land which Richard Polling sometime held; the
which selion
with the appurtenances Amice formerly gave and confirmed to Robert by her charter, as the said
charter fully
shews'. To have, etc., with all issues, reliefs, escheats, and all other things in whatsoever manner
forthcoming
therefrom, to Robert, his heirs and assigns. Witnesses : Symon son of Henry of Wykingeston;
Adam Randolf;
Adam Toky; William the cook; Henry the smith; John Godwyne; Roger Mabile. Seal : oval, dark
green wax, a
crescent below a branch of a tree Legend : S' AMICE SIM 916. 1292, 18 Dec. [Thursday before
St Thomas the
apostle, 21 Edw. I.] Wykingeston. Release and quitclaim by Simon, son of Henry of
Wikingeston, to John, son of
Martin du Bayl of Weston, of half a virgate of land with the appurtenances in Wikingeston which
Simon held of
John for term of life. Witnesses: Nicholas of Harecort of Wykingeston; Adam Randolf; Adam
Toky; Simon son of
Peter of Little Glen; Henry the smith of Wykingeston; Roger Mabile. Seal gone. 917. Same date.
Wikingeston.
Quitclaim by Reynald Pikeman of Wykingeston to John, son of Martin du Bayle of Weston, of a
messuage in
Wykingeston which the said Reginald held for the term of his life of the said John. Witnesses :
Nicholas of
Harecort, Adam Randolf, Adam Toky, of Wikingeston; Simon son of Peter of Little Glen; Henry
the smith, Roger
Mabile, of Wikingeston. Seal gone. 918. Same date. Wikingeston. Release and quitclaim by
William Hutte of
Wykingeston to John son of Martin de Bayl of Weston, of a messuage with a croft and of half a
virgate of land
in Wikingeston, which the said William held for the term of his life of the said John. See No.
903. 
 476 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses as in the preceding. Seal. 919. 1295.
25 July (St James the
apostle, 23 Edw. I. Release and quitclaim by John of Bayl of Wheston to Robert Balle of
Wykingeston and Alice
his wife, of all his right in half a virgate of land in the fields of Wykingeston which Robert Spyre
sometime held'.
Witnesses : sir Robert de Chaumpayne, kt.; Simon of Wykingeston; Nicholas of Harecurt; Adam
Randolf, Adam
Toky, John Godwyn, William Hutte, of Wykingeston, John the clerk. Seal gone. 920. 1295, 15
Nov. [Tuesday
after St Martin in the winter, 23 Edw. 1). Grant by Hugh de Vienna, clerk and attorney of sir
Edmund, son of the
king of England, for the recovery of the debts of Aaron his Jew', to Symon of Wykingeston, of
all that debt in
which William of Wiston was bound to the said Jew, for the which debt the moiety of the lands
and tenements
of the said William was delivered to the said Edmund, the said Hugh's lord; so that the said
Symon and his
assigns may have and hold the said lands and tenements until they have fully levied the said debt
therefrom.
For this grant Symon has paid ten marks in hand, and has made recognisance of five marks to the
said lord in
the exchequer. Seal gone : simple queue. 921. 1297-8, 16 Feb. [Sunday after St Valentine the
martyr, 26 Edw.
I). Grant by William le Keu of Wykinggeston to Robert Balle of Wykinggeston, and Alice his
wife, for a sum of
money paid in hand, of a rood of arable land in the fields of Wykinggeston, which lies next the
Gore on the one
side, and next the land of the said Robert on the other. To have and hold of the chief lords of that
fee to the
said Robert and Alice, and their heirs and assigns, to whomsoever they will give or sell, freely,
quit, fully, in fee
and hereditary right for ever, doing to the chief lords the services due and accustomed from so
much land of
the same fee, for all services, worldly exactions and demands. Warranty. See Nos. 899, 900. *Cf.
Nos. 894, 911. 
WIGSTON Witnesses: Symon son of Henry, Adam Randolf, Henry le Feuere, Matthew the clerk,
John Godwyn,
Richard Balle, William Hutte, Roger Mabylle, of Wykinggeston; John of London, clerk. Seal.
922. 1298. 4 May
[Sunday after the Invention of the Cross, 26 Edw. I.] London. Grant and confirmation by William
of Wyston to
Simon, son of Henry of Wykingston, and Henry his son, of a virgate and a quarter of land, as in
meadows,
grazings and pastures, with all other appurtenances and easements in Wikingston, to wit, that
virgate and a
quarter which Robert of Outheby held for a term. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Richard
of Esseby, Roger of Glen in Outheby, William Derling of the same, Robert of Brantyngsthorp,
Thomas Wisci,
William of Barnesby, Simon of Stocton, Richard the clerk. Seal. 923. 1304, 18 Oct. [Sunday, St
Luke the
evangelist, 32 Edw. I.] Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by Richard, son of Ralph Swan of
Wykyngeston, to
Adam son of Symon of Wykyngeston, of a rood of land in the fields of Wykyngeston, lying upon
Wellespringhul
next the land of John Godwene. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Symon of
Wykyngeston;
John Godwene of the same; Richard Polling, Robert Balle, Richard Balle, Adam Randolf. Seal.
924. 1305 [33
Edw. I1, 27 April. Wykinggeston. Grant and confirmation by Henry Polling, son of Richard
Polling of
Wykenggeston, to Adam son of Symon of Wykinggeston, for a sum of money in hand, of 5 roods
of arable land
in the fields of Wykinggeston, to wit, 14 roods lying upon Hungertonhull, next the land of Ralph
the son of
Roger Swan, and abutting upon the parson s headland; and a rood upon Thythornhull, next the
land of William
Polling, extending in Longemedowe; and a selion upon Blakemylde, next the land which was of
Adam Toky, and
abutting upon the headland of 
478 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Ralph son of Roger; and a selion extending in
Carnlese, next the land
of Richard Polling; and a rood extending in Brademedweharde, next the land of Richard Polling.
To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Symon of Wykinggeston, Roger Mabylle, Simon of Glen,
John son of
Peter the chaplain, Matthew the clerk. Richard Cock, John Godwyn, John of London, clerk. Seal.
925. 1306, 26
Sept. [Monday after St Matthew, apostle and evangelist, 34 Edw. 1). Wykyngeston. Grant by
Simon son of
Henry of Wykyngeston to William his son and his wife Cecily, of a virgate of land in
Wykyngeston, which Simon,
son of John Simond, and Beatrice his wife hold of the grantor for the life of the same Beatrice, of
his demise,
and which should revert after her death to the grantor and his heirs. with grant of the remainder to
the said
William and Cecily. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Reversion, if the said William and
Cecily die
without heirs of the said William's body, to the grantor and his heirs. Witnesses: Richard of
Arnesby, Thomas
Martyn of the same, Henry of Hockele, Adam son of Simon of Wykyngeston, John Godwyne of
the same, Henry
the smith of the same. Seal. 926. N.d. Grant (indented) by Simon son of Henry of Wykyngestone
to William of
Wykyngestone his son and his wife Cecily, of a virgate of land and certain parcels of meadow, to
wit, a parcel in
Northmedwe, next the meadow of Robert de Campania; a parcel in the same meadow, next the
meadow of
Richard Bacoun; and two parcels in Brademedwe. abutting upon Goseholm; and of a virgate and
the fourth
part of a virgate of pasture in Wykyngestone. Of the which virgate of land three selions lie in
Kylebygate, next
the land of Robert de Campania, and abut upon the grantor's court; three selions in Brokhulslade,
next the
land of Robert de Campania; one selion into (inte) Cleylesike, next the gore of Henry the smith;
one selion in
Brokhulslade, next the land of Stephen Polling; one selion towards Eyel, next the land of Eustace
of Rademylde;
one selion under Eyel, next the land of Ralph Sweting; one selion under Eyel, next the land of the
same Robert;
one selion upon Eyel, next the land of the 
WIGSTON same Robert; two selions at Caldewelle, next the land of William Spire; one selion
upon Eyel, next
the land of Richard of Hamptone; one selion upon Cobaldeswong, next the land of the said
Robert; one selion
at Tasihulsty, next the land of Richard of Hamptone; one selion without Blacwellesike, next the
boundary of
Outheby; one selion at Hongertonhill, next the gore; two selions at Hungertonesikeouerende,
next the land of
the grantor; one selion upon Cakeforlong, next the land of the said Robert; one selion at Wolfil,
next the land
of the said Eustace; one selion in Houtonegate, next the land of Ralph Swetyng; one selion at
Boytersikeouerende, next the land of the said Robert; one selion beyond Outhebygate, next the
land of the
said Robert; one selion into Outonegate, next the grantor's land; one selion under Houtonegate,
next the land
of Henry of Waltone; two selions into Thackeresike, next the land of the said Robert; seven
selions with the
headland upon Gesseliniswong; two selions at le Kerresheued; one headland upon Radegres; one
selion in
Radegres, next the grantor's land; one selion in Wodegate, next the land of Richard Thorkyl; one
selion at le
Grenegate, next the land of the said Eustace; two selions towards Wrthegraue, next the land of
the said
Robert; one selion upon le Haukende, next the land of Richard Bacoun; two selions upon
Lambecotes, next the
land of Beatrice Fryday; two selions into Hullimedwe, next the land of Richard Bacoun; a
headland with a selion
next it in Luttledale; two selions towards Orebornhul, next the land of Richard of Hamptone; two
selions at the
headland of St Wystan, next the land of the said Robert; two selions upon Lambecotes, next the
land of Ralph
Swetyng; two selions upon Hawethornhul, next the land of the said Robert; two selions in
Stanebrygg towards
le Grescroft, next the land of the said Robert. To hold, etc., of the grantor and his heirs, rendering
yearly to the
grantor, for his whole life, 40s. at two terms of the year, to wit, at Michaelmas 20s., and at Easter
20s., for all
service. And, after the death of the grantor, they shall maintain the chapel of St Mary, which the
said grantor
has constructed next the church of All Saints of Wykyngestone, in roofing and windows, and
they shall cause
the day of the grantor's anniversary to be solemnly celebrated, and the same day they shall
distribute to ten
poor meat and drink sufficient for one breakfast, for ever, doing to the chief lords etc., so that
after the
decease of the grantor, the said payment of 40s. shall 
480 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS cease for ever. If William and Cecily die
without an heir of the body
of William, the premises shall revert to Richard son of Adam Randolf and the heirs of him
issuing, with
successive reversions in like case, first, to Adam, brother of the said Richard, then to Joan their
sister, and then
to Simon, brother of the same Joan, and with final reversion to the grantor and his heirs.
Warranty. Witnesses:
Thomas Martyn of Ernysby, Thomas Boydyn of Strettone, Adam son of the grantor, master
Henry of Kyrkeby,
sir Simon the chaplain, Walter of Skeftyntone, Robert of Lalleford. Broken seal in bag. 927.
1308, 7 May
(Tuesday after the invention of the Holy Cross, I Edw. II). Wykingeston. Letters of Eleanor
Walle undertaking
that she will not marry her daughter Amice to anyone without the will and consent of Richard
Thomas of
Walton, or (to) John his father; and, if she does it, she binds herself to the same Richard in 10
marks.
Witnesses: Adam Randulf, Richard son of John Balle, the clerk. Richard Polling, Henry Seal.
928. 1308, 22 Sept.
[Sunday bejore Michaelmas, 2 Edw. II) Covenant (indented) between Stephen of Adam Randolf,
John Godwine,
Adam son of Richard Polling, and Richard Balle, of the one party, and John, son of Henry the
smith, of
Wikingeston, of the other, whereby the said Stephen and the others, with the common consent of
all the men
of Wikingeston, demise and deliver to the said John, son of Henry, a headland lying in Litteldale,
called
Seintewistoneshauedlond, with a butt abutting upon the same headland, in the fields of
Wikingeston. To hold
to the said John, his heirs and assigns, for the term of 14 years fully complete from Michaelmas,
2 Edward II.,
until he have had ten crops of the said selions. Reversion of the said two selions, after the said
term, to the
said men (of Wikingeston). Warranty. Witnesses: Simon of Wikingeston, John Friday, John son
Howene,
William Hulf, of Outheby. of Peter; H. Seal gone. 
WIGSTON 929. 1308-9, 3 Jan. [Friday after the Circumcision, 2 Edw. II). Wikingeston. Grant
and confirmation by
Adam Randolf of Wikingeston to Adam his son, of a messuage in Wikingeston between the
messuage of Ranulf
Abbot on the one side and the messuages of Simon Lauerance and William Sweting on the other.
To have, etc.,
to Adam the son and heirs of his body lawfully begotten, by the yearly rent of a penny at
Whitsuntide. With
reversion, if Adam the son die without such heirs, to Adam the father, his heirs or assigns.
Witnesses: Simon of
Wikingeston; John Godwine; William Coc; Richard Polling; Henry the smith (fabr'); Richard
Balle; Simon
Laueraunce. Seal, pointed oval, black wax. 930. Same date. Wikingeston. Grant and confirmation
by Adam
Randolf of Wikingeston to Joan his daughter, of a messuage in Wikingeston, lying between the
messuage of
William Coc and that of Alice who was the wife of Robert Balle; and of two selions abutting on
the same
messuage, and Jextending) as far as Faucons Sty. To hold to the said Joan and the heirs of her
body lawfully
begotten, of the said Adam, his heirs and assigns, rendering yearly 3s. to wit, 12d. at Michaelmas,
12d. at the
Purification, and 12d. at Pentecost, for all suit of court and for all services and secular demands.
Warranty.
Reversion to the grantor, his heirs and assigns. Witnesses: Simon of Wikingeston, John
Godwine, William Coc,
Richard Polling, Henry the smith, Richard Balle, Simon Laueraunce. Fragment of pointed oval
seal. 931. 1309,
28 March [Friday next before Easter, 2 Edw. II). Wykyngeston. Letters of Simon son of Henry of
Wykyngeston,
appointing Simon of Brokesby, his chaplain, and Walter of Skeftinton, his serjeant, his attorneys
to put Richard
son of Adam Randulf of Wykyngeston in seisin of a messuage, six and a half acres of land, and a
rood and a half
of land, with the meadow adjacent, with half a virgate of pasture in Wykyngeston, to hold, etc.,
according to
the form of the charter which the said Richard holds of the said Simon. Seal : simple queue. 
482 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENT 932. 1317-8, 16 Jan. [Monday ajter St Hilary, 11
Edw. II). Wishton.
Grant by Rose (Roys') who was the wife of William of Wishton to Richard son of Robert Balle
of Wikingeston, of
3 roods of arable land in Wikingeston, to wit, 14 rood abutting into Stanebrigge, and! rood
abutting into
Blacwellesike. To have, etc., to Richard and his heirs or assigns of the chief lords, etc., as much
as appertains to
such a holding. Warranty. Witnesses : John of Wotton; Thomas de Lysours; Peter brother of the
said Rose;
Stephen Hamound of Asshele; Richard Toky of Wikingeston and others. Pointed oval seal, black
wax : a fleur-
de-lys. Legend : s' ne  mcon 933. Same date. Wishton. Writing of Rose who was the wife of
William of Wishton,
granting warranty to Robert of Walton, of Wikingeston, and Eleanor his wife, of an acre of arable
land lying in
Wikingeston, which Rose has granted to them for the life of Eleanor, with successive remainders
to Amice,
daughter of William Toki, and the heirs begotten of her body, and to Richard, son of Robert
Balle of
Wikingiston, and his heirs and assigns. Dark green seal, largely gone. 934. 1318. 11 May
(Thursday after the
feast of St John before the Latin gate, 1I Edw. II.) Release and quitclaim by Rose who was the
wife of William of
Whisston to Adam son of Adam Randolf of Wikingeston, and Joan his sister, of her right and
claim in the fourth
part of a virgate of land in Wikingeston, which Adam and Joan hold of the gift of their father. To
hold of the
chief lords, etc. Witnesses: Roger of Glen, William VIf, of Outheby; Richard Balle, Roger Huth,
Richard Polling,
John Ne . . an. of Wikingeston. Seal gone. 935. Same date. Wikingeston. Remission and
quitclaim by Rose who
was the wife of William of Whisston, to Richard Randolph of Wikingeston, of all her right in
four acres of aable
land and the fourth part of a virgate of land in Wikingeston, and 40d. yearly rent issuing out of a
messuage 
WIGSTON and two virgates of land in Wikingeston, which Adam Randolf holds, with the whole
lordship and
service of the same Adam and his heirs. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: Roger of
Glen, of Outheby;
William Ulf, of the same; Richard Balle, Richard Polling, Roger Huth, John Freman, Adam
Simond, of
Wikingeston. Seal. 936. 1318. 24 Sept. [Sunday before Michaelmas, 12 Edw. II.) Wykingeston.
Grant and
confirmation by Richard Randulf, son and heir of Adam Randulf of Wykingeston, to Richard
Haudekyn of the
same, chaplain, of a toft called Tenement, the fourth part of a virgate, and  acres of land, and a
pennyworth of
rent issuing from a virgate of land which Richard Palmer holds, and three-halfpenceworth of rent
issuing from
three-quarters of a virgate of land in the same town which Simon Balle holds. To hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: William son of Simon, Robert the smith, John Gudwyne, John Friday,
Richard Polling, of
Wykingeston; William VIf, Adam Blacwyne, of Outheby. Green seal. 937. 1318, 9 Nov. (Thurs.
after St Leonard,
12 Edw. II.) Wikingiston. Grant and confirmation by Richard Haudekyn of Wikingiston,
chaplain, to Richard, son
of Adam Randolf of the same, of divers tenements in Wikingiston; to wit, a toft which is called
Tenement, the
fourth part of a virgate of land with the meadow adjoining, and Il acres of land, and three parts of
a virgate of
pasture, and a pennyworth of rent issuing from a messuage, and a virgate of land with the
appurtenances in
the same which Richard Polling holds, and three halfpence worth of rent issuing from three parts
of a virgate
of land with the appurtenances in the same which Simon Balle and Joan his wife hold. To hold of
the chief
lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William VIf. Adam Blacwyne, of Outheby; William son of
Simon of Wikingiston;
Robert the smith, John Godwyne, Roger Huth, of Wikingiston; Richard son of Robert Balle.
Seal. 
484 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 938. 1318-9, 27 Jan. [Sat. after Conversion of
St Paul, 12 Edw. II.)
Wikingeston. Grant (indentured) by Richard, son of Adam Randolf of Wikingiston, to Simon and
William his
brothers, of a quarter of a virgate of land with the pasture appertaining to so much land and two
pieces of
meadow with the appurtenances in Wikingiston, to wit, at Taylliholm and in Haltereslade, which
Geoffrey
Gower sometime held. To have, etc., of Richard and his heirs to Simon and William for their life
in survivorship,
by a yearly rent of a silver halfpenny at Easter for all service, save foreign service of the lord
king. Richard
grants that the survivor shall hold the whole tenement entire, although separation thereof be made
while both
are alive; with reversion to himself and his heirs after the death of the survivor. Witnesses:
William de
Harecourt; Richard Polling; Simon Balle; Roger Huth; Robert the smith; Simon Lauwe; William
Cage. Seal, green
wax. 939. 1319-20, 6 January [Sunday, Epiphany of our Lord, 13 Edw. II.] Wykingestone.
Release and quitclaim
by Rose who was the wife of William of Whystone, in her pure widowhood, for herself and her
heirs, to
William son of Simon of Wykingestone and Cecily his wife, of all her right and claim in 24
virgates and 4 acres
of land with their appurtenances, and in the whole meadow with its appurtenances which the said
William and
Cecily hold in Wykingeston, and in a toft in Wykingestone between the messuage of the said
William son of
Simon on one side and the toft called Stokwelleholm on the other, and in three shillings of rent
with the
appurtenances forthcoming from a messuage which Ralph atte Gras held in the same town. Of
the which two
virgates Simon le Baylif of Wykingeston, father of the said William, had one of the gift and grant
of William of
Whystone sometime the husband of Rose and of Rose herself by fine levied thereof in the king's
court; and all
the other tenements the said Simon had of the gift and enfeoffment of the said William sometime
the husband
of Rose in the said town of Wykingestone. Witnesses: Walter de Burgh of Norhamptone;
William de Burgh of
Norhamptone; Robert son of Adam of Oudeby; 
WIGSTON William Ulf of Oudeby; Thomas of Walton of Wykingestone; Richard Randulf;
Robert of Lalleforde.
Round seal. yellow wax, a rose : legend. ROSE 940. 1319-20. 6 March [Thurs. before St Gregory
the pope, 13
Edw. II.] Wikingiston. Grant (indentured) by Ralph of Sauthorp, chaplain, to Roger Huth of
Wikingiston, of a
messuage and a virgate of land in Wikingiston which William Huth sometime held. To have,
etc., to Roger for
the lifetime of Ralph, by a yearly rent of two marks of silver, payable at three terms, to wit, 8s.
8d. at
Whitsuntide, 9s. at Michaelmas and 98. at the Purification, with remainder to John brother of
Roger, if Roger
die in Ralph's lifetime. If Ralph resigns his chantry in Wikingiston within ten years after the
making of this
writing, he grants that he will pay 33s. 4d. in silver to Roger, his heirs or executors, without
delay. Witnesses:
William son of Simon of Wikingiston; Thomas of Walton; Richard Randolf; John Godwyne;
Richard Polling. 941.
1320-1, 11 March (Wed. before St Gregory the pope, 14 Edw. II.] Wikyngiston. Grant by
Richard Randolf of
Wikyngiston to Richard son of Robert Balle of the same, of a rood of arable land with the
appurtenances in
Wikyngiston. lying upon Smalehulles by the land of John Godwyne. To have, etc., of Richard
Randolf, his heirs
or assigns, to Richard son of Robert and his heirs of his body lawfully begotten, for the yearly
rent of a silver
halfpenny at Christmas, with reversion, after the death of Richard son of Robert without such
heirs, to Richard
Randolf, his heirs or assigns. Witnesses: Thomas of Walton; Richard son of John Balle; Roger
Huth; Robert le
Feuere; John Freman 942. Same date. Wikyngiston. Grant by Richard Randolf of Wikyngiston to
Richard son of
Robert Balle of the same. of a selion of arable land with the appurtenances in Wikyngiston, lying
in Fulpitt and
abutting in to Stanebrigge, by the land of John Godwyne'. To have, etc., to Richard, his heirs or
assigns, of the
chief lords, etc., so far as appertains to such a holding. See No. 903. 
486 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: Thomas of Walton of Wikyngiston;
Roger Huth; Robert le
Feuure; John Freman, John Godwyne. Square lozenge-shaped seal, red wax: no legend. 943.
1322. 27 March
(Sat. after Annunciation of B.V.M., 15 Edw. II.) Wikingiston. Grant by Rose, who was the wife
of William de
Whisshton, to Richard Randolf of Wikingiston, of three selions of land with the appurtenances in
Wikingiston,
which she recovered in the king s court against Henry Balle and Emma his wife. To hold, etc., of
Rose and her
heirs to Richard and his heirs from Michaelmas last for six years next following, by the yearly
rent of eighteen
silver pennies, payable at Michaelmas, the Purification of St Mary the Virgin and Whitsuntide in
equal portions,
whereof Richard has paid to Rose three shillings at the beginning of the said term. No witnesses.
Round seal,
dark yellow wax. a rose. Legend : S' ROSI. DE WHISTON. 944. 1324, 27 July (Friday after St
James, 18 Edw. II.)
Wikingeston. Grant (indented) by Richard, son of Adam Randolf of Wikingeston, to Simon his
brother, of a
messuage. four selions of land, and two plots of meadow in Wikingeston. whereof the said
messuage with a
selion lie next the messuage of Richard son of John Balle, a selion in le Wattrie next the land of
Adam Gamel, a
selion upon Eyel next the land of the said Simon, and a selion in to Foureslade next the land of
John Gilbert,
and a plot of the said meadow lies in Halterslade, several with Richard Koc and Richard, son of
Robert Balle,
and a plot of meadow in Goldene medwe, several with Richard Koc. between the meadow of
Ralph Swan and
John Wiking and that of Roger Aniot and Agnes Swan. To hold to the said Simon for his whole
life, rendering
therefor to the said Richard and his heirs a silver penny at Christmas. Warranty. Remainder to
John and Alice,
children of the said Richard, for their whole lives in survivorship, with reversion to the said
Richard and his
heirs. Witnesses: Thomas of Walton, Richard Balle. Simon Balle. Roger Hut, Richard Polling. of
Wikingeston.
Seal. 
WIGSTON 945. 1330, 13 May (Sunday after St John bejore the Latin Gate, 4 Edw. III.)
Wykyngeston. Grant and
confirmation by John. son of John Godwyne of Wykyngeston, to Adam his brother, of a
messuage and a virgate
of land with meadow and pasture and all other their appurtenances in Wykyngeston. which
John's father held;
with grant to Adam of 7 selions ot land abutting upon the said messuage. Further grant to Adam
of the
remainder of 54 roods of land which Richard Godwyne holds of John for term of life, and which
should revert
to John after the death of Richard. To have, etc., to Adam, his heirs or assigns, of the chief lords,
etc., as much
as appertains to such a holding. Witnesses: Thomas of Walton of Wykyngeston; Richard
Randolf; Richard
Pollyng; John Freman: Simon Lauwe. Seal, round, black wax, a beast's head horned. Endorsed :
Carta Johannis
Godwyne facta Ade fratri suo. 946. 1331, 24 May (Friday in Whitsun weck, 5 Edw. III.
Wykyngeston. Grant by
Adam Godwyne of Wykyngeston to sir Walter, rector of the church of Dersforde', of a messuage
and a virgate
of land with meadow and pasture and all other its appurtenances in Wykyngeston, which Adam
had of the
feoffment of John his brother. To hold of the chief lords. etc., as much as appertains to such a
holding.
Witnesses: Thomas of Walton of Wykyngeston: Richard Randolf; Richard Pollyng: Roger Hut:
John Freman.
Round seal, black wax : a beast's head with horns. 947. 1331. 25 June (Wed. before Nativity of
St John Baptist,
5 Edw. III.) Wykyngeston. Grant by Walter Loue, parson of the church of Dersford, to Adam
Godewyne of
Wykyngeston and Alice his wife and the heirs of Adam, of a messuage and a virgate and seven
selions of land
with their appurtenances in Wykyngeston. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to Adam. Alice and the
heirs of
Adam. Further grant to the same of the remainder of 54 roods of land which Richard Godwyne of
Wykyngeston holds of Walter for term of life with reversion after the death of Richard to Walter.
To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Deaford. 

488 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: Thomas of Walton of Wykyngeston: Richard Randolf: Richard Pollyng: John Freman; Simon Lawe. Oval seal, black wax. 948. 1332-3, 5 Feb. [Friday after the Purification of B.V.M., 7 Edw. III.) Wykyngeston. Release and quitclaim by Walter son of Rose (Royesie) of Wysshton, for himsell and his heirs, to Henry son of Adam of Wykyngeston, his heirs or assigns, of all his right in l7 acres of land, 6 pieces of meadow, and the moiety of a virgate of pasture with their appurtenances in Wykyngeston, which Henry had of hereditary right after the death of his father. Witnesses: Richard Randolf of Wykyngeston; Richard Pollyng: Richard Balle; Roger Hut: Adam Godwyne. Seal gone. 949. 1334. 21 Nov. [Monday after St Edmund, K.M., 8 Edw. III.] Wykyngiston. Release and quitclaim by John Swan of Wykyngiston, chaplain, to Symon son of William of Wykyngiston, of all right in a messuage, 84 virgates and 3 roods of land and a windmill, with meadows, grazings. pastures and all other lands and tenements, rents and services h all their appurtenances in Wikyngiston, which the said lliam delivered and demised to the said Symon and John jointly, to hold and have for the term of life of the said William. Witnesses: Richard Randolf of Wikyngiston; Richard son of Robert Balle: Adam Godwine: John Peris; Roger son of Robert of Outheby; Robert Ulf; Robert le Eyr; Theobald son of Robert of Outheby. Seal gone. 950. 1336-7, 19 Jan. (Sunday, the morrowo oj the octave oj St Hilary the bishop, 9 Edw. III.) Wykyngeston. Receipt of Richard, son of Robert Balle of Wykyngeston, to Emma his daughter, of all his rent for the tenement which she holds of him in Wykyngeston from the term of the Purification of St Mary the Virgin next following the making of this writing: with acquittance of further payment until the term of the Purification next thereafter. Round seal, black wax. A four-leaved flower. 
WICSTON 951. 1338. 17 April (Friday in Easter weck, 12 Edw. III.) Wikingiston. Grant and confirmation by Simon Randolf of Wikingiston to Richard his brother, of 40s. yearly rent from a plot of land called Becke tenement. Il acres of land, a plot of meadow and half a virgate of pasture in Wikingiston. whereof William of Wisshton sometime held 4 acres and Richard Simon sometime held 7 acres and the meadow and pasture; the which Simon had of the gift of the said Richard his brother'. To have. etc., to Richard, his heirs or assigna. to be paid yearly at Easter. of Simon. his heirs and any tenants of the said holding. With leave of distraint for arrears to Richard. his heirs or assigns. Witnesses: Richard Polling: Simone Balle: Roger Huth; Adam Simond; Richard son of Robert Balle. Seal, red wax: on a shield a head in profile looking left. 952. 1342, 20 Nov. [Wed. St Edmund the king. 16 Edw. III.) Wykyngeston. Grant by Richard Randolf of Wykyngeston to John. William, Henry. Richard and Simon his sons and Amice, his daughter, of a messuage with the appurtenances in Wykyngeston, lying between the tenement of Ranuli Abbot and the tenement of Simon Lawe and John Swetyng. extending to the lane called Algerystoft; and three acres of land with the appurtenances in the same town with three headrigs scheuett') and a dole of meadow, to wit. half an acre by the land of John de le Clay extending into Neutongate; a rood at Goldenmedow with the headrig (cheuicio), next the land of William son of Simon; a butt of land at Neutongate. next the land of Richard Toky: half an acre at Bradmedou. next the land of Thomas of Walton; two roods at Gonwarhull. next the land of Joan Randolf; I rood at Shakresdale, next the land of John dele Clay: 14 rood on Thakkerhull, next the land of Ranulf Abbot. extending to the boundary of Outheby: a rood on Hungirtonhull, next the land of Richard Toky; a headrig of meadow at Hillymedou, next the meadow of John dele Clay; a headrig of meadow at Sherpol, next the meadow of Richard Toky; a dole of meadow at Goldenmedou, next the meadow of John Sweyn. To have, etc., for life in survivorship of Richard and his heirs, by the yearly rent of a pair of white gloves, price a penny, or of a penny at the Nativity of St John Baptiat. Also the remainder of a messuage See No. 944. 

490 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS with the croft adjoining, which Joan Randolf
holds of Richard for term
of life with reversion to Richard and his heirs, for their life Jon the terms already stated).
Witnesses: William
son of Simon; John Friday; John Pieres; Henry Kok; William Coke; Simon Balle; William le
Smyth. Round seal,
yellow wax. 953. 1342-3, 13 Jan. [Monday in octave of Epiphany) Grant and confirmation by
Emma, daughter
of Richard Balle of Wykyngeston, to Richard her father, of a messuage in Wykyngeston next the
messuage of
Joan Randolf; and all the lands and tenements with their appurtenances in the said town which
she had of the
gift of the said Richard. To have, etc., to Richard, his heirs or assigns, of the chief lords, etc., as
much as
appertains to such a holding. [No warranty.) Witnesses: William son of Simon of Wykyngeston;
Thomas of
Walton; Richard Randolf; Richard Polling; William Cok. Round seal, black wax. Two full length
figures in profile
towards middle with hands clasped, apparently holding a rod with a serpent (?) turned round it.
954. 1346-7, 6
Feb. [Tueaday after Purification oj B.V.M. 21 Edw. III.) Wykyngeston. Grant (indented) by
William Betrich of
Wykyngeston to Adam his son and Joan and Felice his daughters, of a part of his messuage with
the buildings
built thereupon and the appurtenances in Wykyngeston. extending in length from the king's
highway to
William's garden towards the north 100 feet measured by the little hundred, and in breadth
between the
tenement of William and the tenement of William Smyth 34 feet by the king's highway: in the
middle part by
the stair 24 feet in breadth; on the north part by William's garden 18 feet in breadth, and by
certain metes and
boundaries. Also 74 (sic) roods of land with the appurtenances in Wykyngeston, whereof one
rood lies upon
Tofftis. next the land of William Smyth; one rood lies at Blacwellsikenezirend, next the land of
the rector,
extending into Neutongate; one rood lies at Neugate, next the headland of Roger Hutte; one rood
lies at
Glengat, next the land of Richard Polling; 14 rood lies on Bretthull, next the land of John
Taylowr; one rood lies
at Wortegrauehouerend, next 
WIGSTON the land of Richard son of Roger Swan. To hold, etc., with free entry and exit
through William's gates
for their wheat and other their necessaries to be carried there by the king's highway, to Adam,
Joan and Felice
for their lives in survivorship, of William and his heirs, by the yearly rent of a roseflower at the
feast of the
Nativity of St John the Baptist. Il Adam. Joan and Felice or any of them be married, they shall
altogether
withdraw thereafter from the said tenements and claim nothing therein by reason of any right; but
the said
tenements shall remain entirely to those only who are not married, with reversion, in case of the
marriage of
all three. to William, his heirs and assigns. Witnesses: Richard Randolf; Richard Polling;
William Cook; John
Freman; Henry Cok. No seal. 955. 1347-8, 24 Feb. [Sunday after St Peter's Chair, 22 Edw. III.)
Wykinstone.
Grant and confirmation by Cecily Harcourt of Wykyngstone to John Haudekyn of the same, of 44
acres of land
in the fields of Wykyngstone; to wit, one rood upon Smalhull, next the land of John of
Stokwelle; 14 rood upon
Shoueldale, next the land of Robert of Waltone; one rood upon Kobaldeswong, next the land of
Reynold Knith;
one rood under Thizernehul, next the land of Henry Balle; one rood upon Eyel, next the land of
John Swetyng:
one butt at Horswelle; l rood at the water mill (molendinum ewreticum); half a rood before
Fowrsladegate,
next the land of Roger Knith; half a rood before Fowrsladegate, next the land of Roger Swan; 14
rood upon
Goldewhel, next the land of John Pieris; 14 rood in Ailistonmere, next the land of William Jones;
1 rood in
Wodgate, next the land of Richard Balle; one selion in Worchegate, next the land of Henry
Noreys; one butt at
Sotdolis, next the land of Robert of Waltone; one rood in ze Potregate, next Henry Kirkedowe;
one rood in
Pottergate, next Henry Kirkedowe; and one selion in Howtengate, next Simon Pouey. To have,
etc., of Cecily
and her heirs to John or his assigns for the said term (sic). by a yearly rent of 5s. 4d. of silver,
payable at Easter
and Michaelmas in equal portions. Warranty, Witnesses: Richard Randolf of Wekyngstone;
William Kok; Roger
Hut; Richard Polling; John Freman; John Clay. Seal gone. 
492 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 956. 1350-1. 9 Jan. (Sunday after Epiphany, 25
Edw. III.)
Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by Joan Godewyne of Wykyngeston to Roger Brid of the
same, of a
messuage and a virgate of land with meadows, pastures and all other appurtenances. Further gift
of 44 roods
of land in the fields of Wykyngeston and 7 selions of land abutting upon the said messuage'. To
hold of the
chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas of Walton of Wykyngeston; Richard Balle;
William Cok; John
Randolf; John Lawe. Round seal, black wax. Head with halo: to right, head and bust of man in
profile facing left.
Endorsed: Carta Johanne Godwyne facta Rogero Bridde. 957. 1352.25 Dec. (Tuesday bejore
Circumcision, 26
Edw. III.) Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by John Haukyn of Wykyngeston to William
Randulf of the
same, of a messuage and II acres of land with meadows, pastures and all other appurtenances in
the town and
fields of Wykynges ton. To hold of the chief lords, etc., as far as appertains to such a holding.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Richard Balle of Wykyngeston; William Kok: John Randulf; Robert Faucous; John
Law. Round seal,
red wax : a bird on a tree between two heads in profile towards middle. 958. 1354, 5 Oct.
[Sunday after St
Michael the archangel, 28 Edw. III.] Wykingston. Demise, grant and confirmatlon by John
Randolf of
Wykingston to John Peris of Wykingston. of a selion of land in Wykingston, next the land of the
said John Peris,
abutting into Thackeresik. To have, etc., to John Peris for his whole life. [No statement of terms
of tenure.)
Witnesses: Richard Balle; John Freman; John Friday. Round seal, dark brown wax. Bird on a tree
between two
heads in profile facing towards middle. 959. 1357, 12 Dec. (Tuesday before St Lucy the virgin,
31 Edw. III)
Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by William Dicoun of Wykyngeston, chaplain, to Richard
Balle See No.
945. 
WIGSTON of Wykyngeston. Isabel his wife and John their son, of a messuage in the said town,
and half a
virgate of land with half a virgate of pasture and a virgate of meadow with all other the
appurtenances. Also of
two selions in the fields of Wykyngeston, which Richard Balle had of the gift of Richard
Randolf. The which
premises William had of the gift and feoffment of Richard Balle. To have, etc., to Richard, Isabel
and John and
the heirs of John's body lawfully begotten of the chief lords of the fee. With remainder (1) in
default of heirs to
John, to Richard son of the said Richard Balle and the heirs, etc.; (2) in default of heirs to
Richard, to Alice and
Amice, daughters of the said Richard Balle, and the heirs of their bodies, etc.; (3) in default of
heirs to Alice and
Amice, to William of Penne, son of the said Richard Balle, for term of life, with reversion after
his death to the
said Richard Balle, his heirs and assigns. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Hug of Wykyngeston;
Simon of
Stoughton; John Randolf; Robert Faucous; Thomas Hug; William Smyth; William Cok. Seal
gone. 960. 1363, 1
May (St Philip and St James, 37 Edw. III). Wikyngeston. Grant (indented) by Henry Harcourt of
Wykyngeston to
Henry, son of Simon Randulf of the same and Amice his wife, of half a virgate of land and the
half part of a
quarter of land, with meadows, etc. To hold of the chief lords, etc., rendering therefor yearly to
the said Henry,
his heirs and assigns for the first sixty years 1Os. 6d. silver at Michaelmas, the Purification and
Pentecost by
equal portions, and after that time ú10 silver. Right of re-entry granted in case of default of rent
during the
first sixty years. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Polling. John Randulf, of Wykyngeston; William
Coc, William
Mazew, John Lawe. Also the same Henry granted to the said Simon and Amice half an acre of
meadow with a
quarter of pasture, in form aforesaid, for a rent of fourpence at Michaelmas. 961. 1363. 1 May (St
Philip and St
James, 37 Edw. III.) Wykyngeston. Indenture of grant and confirmation by Henry See Noe. 941,
942. 

494 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMEN Harcourt of Wykyngeston to William Coc and Emma his wife, of half a virgate and half a quarter of land, with the meadows, etc., belonging. To hold of the chief lorda, etc., rendering therefor yearly to the said Henry, his heirs and assigna, for the first sixty years IOs. 6d. silver at three terma, viz. at Michaelmas, the Purification and Pentecost by equal portions. Right of entry and distraint for a month's arrears of the said £10 rent. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Pollyng, John Randulf, Henry son of Simon Randulf of Wykyngeston; William Mazew, John Lawe. The aaid Henry Harcourt also granted and confirmed to the said William and Emma half a quarter of pasture for the yearly rent of 4d. at Michaelmas. Seals gone. 962. 1363, 2 Feb. (Friday, Purification oj B.V.M., 38 Edw. III.) Wykyngiston. Grant and confirmation by Richard Balle of Wykyngeston to William Coc of the same, of all the landa and tenements which Richard had in the town and fields os Wykyngeston, with meadowe, grazings and pastures and all other appurtenances. To have, etc., to William, his heirs and assigna, of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: Henry Harcourt of Wykyngeston; Richard Pollyng: William Coc; John Lawe; John Freman. Seal, yellow wax: a shield in a circle. 963. 1363-4, 4 Feb. [Sunday after Purification of B.V.M., 38 Edw. III.) Wykyngeston. Release and quitclaim by William Penne of Wykyngeston, for himself and his heirs. to William Coc of the same, of all his right and claim in all the lands and tenements which he had of the gift and feoffment of William Dicoun of Wykyngeston, chaplainí. Witnesses: Henry Harcourt of Wykyngeston; Henry son of Simon: John Lawe; John Simund; John Freman. Oval seal, yellow wax. 964. Same date. Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by William Cook of Wykyngeston to Richard Balle of the same and lsabel his wife, of all the lands and tenements Cf. No. 959. 
WICSTON with meadows, grazings, pastures and all other appurtenances which William had of the gift and feosfment of the said Richard. To hold. etc., to Richard and lsabel and the heirs of their bodies lawfully begotten of the chief lorda, etc. With remainder, if Richard and laabel die without such heirs lawfully begotten between them. to William Penne. Richard and Amice, children (pueris) of the said William Penne, and the heirs of the said Richard son of William Penne and their assigne. Warranty. Witnesses: Henry Harcot of Wykyngeston; Richard Pollyng: Thomas Hut; Henry son of Simon; John Lawe. Round seal, yellow wax. 965. 1366-7, 17 Jan. (Sunday ajter St Hilary, 40 Edw. III. Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by John Randulf of Wykyngeston to William his brother of Wykyngeston. Richard Hanby of Oudebi and Richard son of Robert, of a messuage with a croft, lying between the messuage sometime of William Balle on the one side and the messuage sometime of William Hut on the other. To hold of the chief lorda, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Polling of Wykyngeston; William Cok; John Lawe: Thomas of Flutcham; John Freman; William Smith; Richard Randulf. 966. 1375-6, 24 Jan. [Wed. bejore Conversion of St Paul, 49 Edw. III.] Wikyngeston. Grant and confirmation by John Randolf of Wekyngeston to John Randolf and Richard Randolf his sons, of 5 selions in the fields of Wykyngeston. whereof one selion lies upon Hungirton hull, next the land of Robert of Irland on S.; one lies upon Theythornhull, next the land of Richard Pollyng on W.; one abuts upon Saturilese. next the land of Richard Pollyng on N.; one lies upon Blakemyld, next the land of Henry Brace on E.; and one upon Herburgh hull, next the land of Richard Pollyng on W. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Henry Harecourt; John Fryday; Henry Symondesson; John Smyth; William Smyth. Round seal, green wax: a human figure draped holding a sword in his left hand, two branches on right. 
496 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 967. 1375-6. 31 Jan. [Wed. bejore Purification of B.V.M., 50 Edw. III.] Wykyngston. Grant and confirmation by John. sometime the son of Robert le Faukus of Wykyngeston, to sir William Gowere, rector of the church of Halouton', sir Robert Foulere of Huththorp', chaplain, and John, son of William le Smyth of Flekenye, of a messuage in Wykyngston situate between the messuages of William Suetyng and Henry of Foston; and all his lands and tenements, meadows, grazings and pastures with all their appurtenances, together with all his goods and chattels movable and immovable, wheresoever found. To have. etc., the premises which the said John had in the town and fields of Wykyngston, with goods, chattels movable and immovable, and all their appurtenances afore said, to William, Robert and John, their heirs and assigns, of the chief lord. etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Henry Harekourt: John Friday: John Randolf; William Cook; John Koc. Seal gone. Endorsed: Carta Johannis Faucus facta domino Willelmo Gowar et aliis. 968. 1377-8, 6 Feb. [Saturday after the Purification, I Rich II.) Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by John Smyt of Flekeney to John Facous of Wykyngeston and Joan his wife, of all the lands and tenements which the said John Smyt had in the town and fields of Wykyngeston, with meadowa, etc. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the said John Facous and Joan, and the heirs of their bodies lawfully begotten. Warranty. Reversion to the right heirs of the said John Facous. Witnesses: Richard Pollyng. John Randulf, William Scot, William Smyth. John Bryges, of Wykyngeston. Seal. Endorsed : Cart. de Wyggeston. 969. 1378, 17 May (Monday bejore St Dunstan, 1 Rich. II.) Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by John Smyth of Wheston, chaplain, to Henry Harcourt of Wykyngeston. chaplain, of two cottages lying together, with the gardens appertaining to the same, between the messuage of Thomas Hallaton. *Othorpe. 
WICSTON Hutte and that of the grantor. To hold of the chief lords. etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Henry Harcourt of Wykyngeston; John Fryday: John Randulf: Thomas Hutte; William Cooc. Seal gone. 970. 1382. 28 Oct. [Tuesday St Simon & St Jude, 6 Rich. II.) Wykengeston. Grant and confirmation by Henry Harcourt of Wykengeston, chaplain, to sir Elyas Withyford. chaplain. Aygulf de Roatthoha and Wilfrid de Colgatha, of two cottages lying together in Wykengeston between the messuages of Thomas Huht and John Baker. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Henry Harcourt of Wykengeston; John Fryday; Thomas Huth; John Randulf; William Cok. Seal gone. 971. 1382-3. 2 Jan. [Friday, morrow of the Circumcision, 6 Rich. II.] Wykyngeston. Release and quitclaim by Emma. who was the wife of John Baker of Wykyngeston, in her pure widowhood, for herself and her heirs, to sir Elyas de Wythyford, chaplain. Aygulf de Roattheia. Wylfrid de Colgatha. their heirs and assigns, of all her right and claim in two cottages with their appurtenances lying together in Wykyngeston, between the messuage of Thomas Hutte and that of the grantrix; the which cottages contain in breadth 70 feet towards the south and 76 feet towards the north. Warranty. Witnesses: Henry Herecot; John Friday; Thomas Hutt John Randolf; Richard Pollyng of Wykyngeston. Round seal, green wax. ?I within a double triangle. 972. 1383, 4 April (Friday after Low Sunday, 6 Rich. II.) Wykengeston. Grant and confirmation by Elias Wythiford. Aygulf de Roathoha (sic) and Wilfrid de Colgatha, to sir Henry Harcourt of Wykengeston, chaplain, and William his con, of two cottages in Wykengeston lying together, between Thie The fcult a Can a. nd the neighb 



498 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS the messuages of Thomas Hutte and Emma who
was the wife of John
Baker. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Henry Harcourt; John Fryday;
Thomas Hutte; John
Randulf; William Coke of Wykengeston. Endorsed: Euidenc' Thome de Grendon. 973. 1384, 8
April (Friday after
St Ambrose, 7 Rich. II.) Wygeston. Grant and confirmation by John Faukes of Wygeston to
David of Kynwardel',
donzel, Simon Bathe, clerk, and John de Norhampton, clerk, of a messuage in Wygeston situate
between the
messuages of William Sweting and Henry of Foston; and all his lands and tenements, meadows,
grazings and
pastures, together with the reversion of dower after the death of his mother Joan, with all their
appurtenances. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Langham, then
steward
(senescallo)  rector there; Henry Harecourt; there; sir Robert John Fryday: John Randolf. Round
seal, green
wax : a shield. (This is a late copy of the charter of which the original follows, apparently late
15th cent.) 974.
Same date. Wykyngeston Joriginal of No. 973) Grant and confirmation. John Faukus of
Wykyngeston to David
of Kynwardley, esq., etc. Jas in precedingl, of a messuage in Wykyngeston, etc. described as
before, with the
addition ofj together with all his goods and chattels wheresoever existing (before) with all their
appurtenances.
To hold the premises in the town and fields of Wykyngeston. with the said reversion of dower,
with the goods
abovesaid and all their appurtenances of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: Robert of Langham, then
steward
there; sir Robert of Alynton, rector there; Henry Harecourt; John Fryday; John Randolf; William
Koke of
Wykyngeston. Round seal, black wax: on a shield, a stag's head. Legend : S' JOHANMIS
Endorsed : Carta
originalis Johannis Fawcus facta David, et Simoni Bath' et Johanni North' de terris et tenementis.
bonis et
catallis. 975. 1386, 27 June. Grant and confirmation by David of Kynwardley, esq., to John
Faukus of
Wykyngeston, of Ø 
WIGSTON messuage situate in Wykyngeston, and all his lands and tenements, meadows,
grazings and
pastures, together with the reversion of dower after the death of Joan the mother of John; the
which David
had of the gift and feoffment of the said John. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: sir Robert
of Alyngton, rector of the church Wykyngeston; Henry Harcourt; John Friday; John Randolf;
Richard Pollyng.
Round seal, green wax : a double triangle. 976. 1387. 15 Sept. [Sunday after the Exaltation of the
Holy Cross, 1I
Rich. II.] Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation (indented) by John Facous the younger of
Wykyngeston to John
Gamel of the same, of a plot of land from the garden of the grantor extending above (super) the
garden of the
said John Gamel, and containing 60 feet in length and feet in breadth. To hold of the chief lords,
etc., for ever,
rendering yearly to the said John Facous, his heirs and assigns, a rose at Midsummer for the first
forty years,
and thereafter 3d. at Michaelmas. With power of distraint to John Facous for fifteen days arrears
of the
Michaelmas rent. Warranty. Witnesses: John Randulf of Wykyngeston; William Cooc; Robert
Pollyng: William
Smyth; William Mathew. Round seal, yellow wax. 977. 1392-3 (16 Rich. II). 12 Jan. Grant and
confirmation by
Amice Haukyn of Wykyngeston and Emma her daughter to Richard Randolf of the same, of a
messuage with
cottages between the messuage of William Cook and that of William Penne, and half a virgate of
land and all
their lands and tenements with meadows, pastures and all other their appurtenances in the town
and fields of
Wykyngeston. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: Henry Harcourt; John Friday; Richard
Friday; Thomas
Hutte and John Hutte of Wykyngeston. Round seals, dark yellow wax: (1) a crown, with IHC
below; (2) a crown,
with P or R below. 978. 1392-3. 1 March (Sat. after St Matthias the apostle, 16 Rich. II.)
Wykyngeston. Grant
and confirmation (indented) by Richard Randulf of Wykyngeston to William Swepston, William
Hayton and
Adam Thynden, clerks, of a 
500 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS yearly rent of 6s., payable at Christmas, from a
messuage and half a
virgate of land with their appurtenances in Wykyngeston; the which messuage was sometime of
Amice Haukyn
and Emma Haukyn, between the messuages of William Penne. And rood lies into Fostengate in
the fields
towards Twobrokes, next the land of John Faukes and of Emma Baker; rood upon Wattry, next
the land of John
Faukes and of William Swetyng; I butt upon Neugate, next the land sometime of John Piers and
the land of
Thomas Smyth; l butt into Stanbrigge, next the land of John Faukes and of John Skynner; I rood
upon
Lambecotes, next the land of John Faukes and the land sometime of Richard Swan; rood upon
Wronglondes,
next the land of Henry Harcourt and of John Elen; 14 rood into Litteldale, next the land of John
Randulf and the
land sometime of Richard Swan; I rood into Hylly. medowe, next the land of John Faukes and of
Roger Alot;
rood upon Seuenacres, next the land of John Faukes and the land sometime of John Piers; 1 rood
into
Twobrokes, next the land of John Faukes and the land sometime of Richard Swan;  rood upon
Houndyng, next
the land of Thomas Hutte and the land sometime of Richard Swan; rood upon Lesemylde, next
the land of John
Faukes and the land sometime of Richard Swan; 1 butt into Fulwell, next the land sometime of
Richard Swan
and the land of Thomas Kooc; 1 butt into Foureslade, next the land of John Faukes and of John
Cok; 1 rood into
Foureslade, next the land of William Swetyng and the land sometime of John Faukes; 1 rood
upon Goldewele,
next the land of Henry Noreis and of Richard Swetyng; 14 rood upon Fullewelle, next the land of
John Faukes
and of Roger Alot;  an acre into Wodegate, next the land of Thomas Smyth; rood at the town's
end in the fields
towards Mokelow, next the land of Thomas Hutte and of John Faukes; 1 rood upon Bretterhill,
next the land
sometime of Richard Swan and the land of William Mathew; rood into Shakerdale, next the land
of William
Cook and of John Faukes; I rood into Portogate (sic), next the land of John Faukes and of
Thomas Gylbert; I
rood into Northmedowe, next the land of John Faukes and of John Skynner; rood into
Thakkersike, next the
land of John Randulf and of John Faukes; 2 butts upon Cokkesyert, next the land of William
Swetyng and of
John Cok; 14rood into Boydersike. next the land of John Faukes and the land sometime of Emma
Baker; l rood
into Boydersike, next the land of John Faukes 
WIGSTON and of William Faukes; I rood at Wolfhilmylne, next the land of John Faukes and of
Thomas Cook; 14
rood into Calpit. next the land of the rector and of John Holdenby: l rood into Neutongate, next
the land of
Adam Kyde and of John Brigge; rood into Outebymere, next the land of Thomas Gylbert and of
Henry Astel; I
rood into Hungertonsike, next the land of John Faukes and of Thomas Smyth; l headland upon
Hungertonhill,
next the land of John Swetyng; l rood into Blakwelsike, next the land of John Faukes and of
Richard Tugge; 1
butt into Blakwellesike, next the land of John Faukes and of Thomas Gylbert; I butt in the fields
towards
Thythornhill into Cleysike, next the land of John Faukes and of Thomas Catell;  rood into
Brokkeslade, next the
land of John Faulkes and of William Kyrkedowe; 1 butt into Brokeslade, next the land of John
Randulf and of
John Faukes; rood upon Eyle, next the land of John Holdenby and of John Faukes; 1 rood into
Newtongate,
next the land of John Holdenby and of John Faukes;  an acre upon Smalehilles, next the land of
John Faukes
and of Roger Alot; l rood into Halterslade, next the land of the rector and of John Holdenby;
headland upon
Taselhill, next the land of Robert Pollyng: 14 rood upon Thikthorn hill, next the land of John
Faukes and of John
Holdenby; 1 rood upon Prestofthirne, next the land of John Faukes and of John Cok; I rood into
Personesmedow, next the land of William Penne; l rood into Fostengate, next the land of Thomas
Hutte and of
Richard Magson; and l butt upon Toftes, next the land sometime of Richard Swan and the land of
William
Faukes. To hold, etc., to William, William and Adam, their heirs and assigns; with power of
distraint upon the
premises for arrears of the said rent. Richard further grants for himself, his heirs and assigns,
that, if William.
William and Adam, or any of them or their heirs, grant the said rent to anyone, Richard, his heirs
and assigns,
the tenants of the premises, shall pay the said rent to the said grantee by reason of the grant
aforesaid, under
pain of ú10 to William. William and Adam, or their executors. Witnesses: William Cheselden,
dean; Richard
Eluet, clerk'; Dean of the Newarke college, 1390-1396. *Prebendary of the fourth stall in the
Newark college
1390-1396; dean 1396-1431, and archdeacon of Leicester 1404-1424. All the three grantees in
this document
held stalle in the Newarke college. It is not known when they obtained them. Swepston vacated
the thirteenth
stall by death in 1393; Hayton resigned the seventh stall in 1397; and Adam Thynden (i.e.
Finedon) quitted the
eighth stall by death in 1408. 
502 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Henry Harcourt of Wikyngeston; John Fryday;
Thomas Hut, and
others. Three seals, round, red wax: (l) a shield (?): legend SWEPSIV . .; (2) a shield; (3)
Beneath a double
canopy, the Annunciation: legend. SIGILLUM ADE : THYNCDENE, 979. 1395. 2 June [Wed.
in Whitsun weck, 18
Rich. II.) Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by William Smyth of Wykyngeston the elder to
Alice Smyth his
daughter, of a messuage in Wykyngeston, between the messuage of William Jewet and that of the
grantor,
and 3 acres and l rood of arable land in the fields of Wykyngeston; viz. I rood upon Thakkerhill,
next the land of
lsabel Eyrik and of John Pauey; rood into Hoghtongate, between the land of John Brigge and that
of John
Gamell; 14 rood upon Wolspringehill, between the land of John Brigge and that of Henry
Wyptoft: rood into
Kylbygate, next the land of Alice Swan and John Gamell; I rood upon Lambecotes, between the
land of John
Faukes the elder and that of John Sturdy;  rood into Stanbrigge. between the lands of Robert
Symond;I rood
upon Hawethornhill, between the land of the parson and that of William Kooc; 2 butts upon le
Hanggand,
between the land of le Guylde and that of Robert Symond; l butt upon Crowewell, between the
land of le
Guylde and that of John Friday; rood without Glengate, between the land of John Friday and that
of John
Sturdy; and 1 rood upon Hawethornhill, between the land of Henry Astell and that of John
Faukes the elder. To
hold, etc., to Alice and the heirs of her body lawfully begotten, of the chief lords, etc., with
reversion, in default
of such heirs, to William and his heirs. Warranty. Witnesses: Henry Harcourt; John Friday;
Thomas Hutte John
Hutte; John Randulf; William Clay and Robert Pollyng of Wykyngeston. Round seal, yellow
wax: H beneath a
crown, a figure on either side. 980. 1396. 31 July [Monday after St James, 20 Richard II).
Brentyngthorp'. Grant
by Henry Harcowrt, chaplain, to William Harcowrt of Brentyngthorp, of a messuage lying in
Wykyngeston next
the messuage of Thomas Hutt on one side Bruntingthorpe. 
WIGSTON 503 and that of Emma Leui on the other, rendering therefor yearly to the lords of the
fee the
services and dues therefor by law accustomed, and to Henry Harcowrt, chaplain, for the term of
his life, 6s. 8d.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: Henry Sheyl, Symon Macstoke. Thomas Taylor, of
Brentyngthorp;
Henry Harcowrt. John Friday, Thomas Hutt. of Wykyngeston. Seal. 981. 1397, 29 Sept.
[Michaelmas, 21 Rich. II.]
Wykyngeston. Indenture of grant, demise and delivery at farm by John Faukes of Wykyngeston
to Richard Loue
of Wykyngeston, of a dovecot and a bridge over a fish-pond (pontem piscenarium) within the
said John's
messuage in the town of Wykyngeston, for twelve years, with free entry and egress. rendering
therefor yearly
3s. 2d. sterling. viz. for the said dovecot. 2s. 6d. and for the said bridge. 8d., of the which rent the
said Richard
has paid 19s. in hand, and shall pay 19s. at the beginning of the second six years of the said term.
The said
Richard shall maintain and repair the premises, and the said John shall in due wise water his
horses at the said
bridge and bring back water therefrom, saving the profit of the said Richard, his heirs and
assigns. The said
Richard shall cut or cause to be cut the hedge growing by the said bridge reasonably at the due
season of year,
to make a fence in the bridge aforesaid to his profit touching the said watering. And, if it happen
that any
trespass be done to the premises by the said John or his sons, or by any other person in his name,
or by any
other unknown person during the said term. the said Richard, his heirs and assigns, may pursue at
the common
law. The said John binds himself to the said Richard, his heirs and executors in ú10. for the
keeping and
fulfilment of this covenant, as in a deed of obligation is more fully contained. Fragment of seal.
982. 1401.
Acknowledgment by brother John Foxton. cellarer of the abbey of Leicester, of 13s. 4d. from the
rector of
Wyxton, by name of the yearly pension due of old to the same monastery, for the term of Easter
last past. Seal
gone. 
504 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 983. 1402 [4 Hen. IV.]. 29 Oct. London.
Indenture between Robert
Gowe, rector of the church of Wykyngeston, of the one party, and John Nightingale, Thomas
Grendon, and
Richard Lufe, of the other, annulling certain indentures of divers covenants and conditions lately
made
between the said parties touching the farm of the said church and rectory, and discharging the
said parties
therefrom. The said rector has received the said church into his hands with all its profits and
commodities.
Moreover, it is agreed that the same rector has granted anew to the same farmers all manner of
grain, pease,
hay, hemp. and flax, which, on the day of making of these presents are stored there in the granges
and houses
of the same rectory and are forthcoming from the lands and demesnes of the same, together with
easement
of the barns. granary, schipcote and le Rekezerde of the said rectory for delivery of the same
grain and hay
with free entry and exit, from the day of the making of these presents until the feast of the
Translation of St
Thomas the martyr; with reservation to the same rector of a portion of the hay in a bay of the barn
next the
stank. Rendering therefor to the same rector in his lodging at London 110 marks sterling. viz. on
26 November
next, 10 marks; on the feast of St Thomas the apostle then following. ú20: at Easter, ú20; at St
John Baptist.
ú20; and at Michaelmas, 10 marks. The same farmers shall also find a fit chaplain and deacon to
do divine
service for the parishioners of the same church. They shall also pay and satisfy to the bishop of
the diocese, the
king. the archdeacon, the abbot of Leycestre, and the prior of Lenton, the pensions. tithes, and all
other the
burthens incumbent upon the same church, ordinary and extraordinary, until Michaelmas next.
The same
rector shall repair all the houses of the said rectory, and shall warrant the premises until the said
feast by these
presents. Provided always that, if the same farmers on their part faithfully keep and fulfil all the
covenants and
conditions contained in these indentures, a bond of ú200 in which they are bound to the same
rector and
others, whereof mention is made in the other indentures aforenamed lately made, shall be null;
but, if not, it
shall continue in its force and effect. Witnesses: sir Thomas of Remston, kt., Henry Aslaby.
citizen of London.
Seal gone. 
WIGSTON 505 984. 1402 [4 Hen. IVJ. 19 Dec. London. Acknowledgment of receipt by Robert
Gowe, rector of
the church of Wykyngeston, from John Nyghtyngale. Thomas Grendon and Richard Lufe, of ú20
of the farm of
grain and issues of the same rectory, due at the feast of St Thomas the apostle. Seal gone : simple
queue. 985.
1403. 18 April [Wednesday in Easter weck, 4 Hen. IV.) Wykyngeston. Acknowledgment of
receipt by Robert
Gowe. rector of the church of Wykyngeston, from Thomas Grendon. John Nyztyngale and
Richard Loue of
Wykyngeston, of ú9 214d. sterling, by the hands of John Dannesby his proctor to wit. for six
horses, two cows,
a calf, a waggon (biga) and the other utensils thereto belonging, a boar, three sows, 21 pigs and
piglings, wax
and ducks, sold to the said Thomas, John and Richard. Fragment of seal. 986. 1405. 31 Dec. [St
Silvester, 7 Hen.
IV.] Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation (indented) by John Randolf of Wykyngeston to John
Morley of the
same, of the lease of a tenement in Wykyngeston, next the croft of Thomas Pauey on one side
and next the
common green (viridium) called le Buttes on the other. To have, etc., to John Morley, his heirs
and assigns,
from the day of the making of these presents until the term of a hundred years next following by
a yearly rent
to John Randolf, his heirs and assigns, of 12d. of good and lawful money, payable at three terms,
viz. at
Michaelmas, the Purification and Whitsuntide in equal portions, of the chief lords, etc. And John
Morley shall
make or cause to be made a house upon the said tenement of three pairs of forkes within the term
of three
years after the day of the making of these presents. And John Morley, his heirs and assigns, shall
make an
enclosure about the said tenement, to wit, in the making of walls or of quickset hedges, so that at
the end of
the said term they shall demise the said enclosure in as good state or better that that in which they
received it,
under pain of 6s. 8d. And John Morley shall make the said house within the said term of three
years under pain
of 20s. Witnesses: Henry Harcourt; John Friday; William Kooc; Robert Symond; John Hutte of
Wykyngest. Seal,
red wax: in an oval the letter l between a branch right and a saltire left. 
506 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 987. 1406-7, 6 Feb. [Sunday after the
Purification, 8 Hen. IV.)
Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by Richard Penne of Wykyngeston to Henry Koc. Isabel
Balle of the
same, William Balle, Thomas Holy of Leycestre, Robert Sargante of Byttuswelle, and William
Baldusley of
Lowtheborou, of all the lands and tenements, with meadows, etc., which the said Richard had of
the gift and
feoffment of William Coke of Wykyngeston. To hold of the chief lords, etc., rendering therefor
yearly to the
said Richard, his heirs and assigns, 40s. silver at the Purification of B.M. Warranty, Witnesses:
Henry Harcourt.
John Randul, of Wykyngeston; Robert Pollyng. William Smythe, Robert Simond, Henry Jeke.
Seal gone.
Endorsed: Carta Ricardi Penne fact. Henrico Cok & al. 988. 1410. 13 Oct. [Monday after St
Denis, 12 Hen. IV.)
Leycester. Release and quitclaim by John Bowune of Leycester to John Fawx of Wyggestoun, of
all his right by
reason of debt, etc. Seal (simple queue). 989. 1412, 5 May (Thura. after the Invention of the holy
Cross, 13
Hen. IV.) Wygeneston. Indenture of delivery. grant and demise by Richard Penne of Wygeneston
to John
Faukus, of a messuage and a virgate of land in the town and fields of Wygeneston; the which
messuage is
situate between the tenement of William Swetyng and that of Henry Foston. To hold to the said
John and his
heirs from Michaelmas next for the term of three years next following and fully complete;
rendering therefor
yearly 13s. 4d. at the three terms of the year accustomed in the town of Wygeneston, by equal
portions.
Moreover, the said Richard grants, for himself, his heirs and his executors, that, if the said John,
his heirs or
assigna, or one of them, pay or cause to be paid to the said Richard, his heirs or assigns, 8 marks
and 9s. silver
within the said term of three years, then a charter with seisin, made therefor to the said Richard,
his heirs and
assigns, shall be re-delivered to the said John Faukus, with all the muniments that the said
Richard has in his
custody. And, if it happen. which God forbid, that the said John make default in the said payment
of 8 marks
and 9s., then the said Richard shall 
WIGSTON have and enjoy the premises with all their appurtenances and all the muniments
aforesaid, (to hold
to) him, his heirs and assigna, for ever, according to the tenor and force of the said charter with
seisin, made to
the said Richard. Seal. 990. 1412. 24 July [Sunday after St Mary Magdalen, 13 Hen. IV.]
Wykyngeston. Release
and quit-claim by Robert Vlfe, Nicholas Walise of Owdeby, and John Belgraue of Leycestre, to
John Randolfe of
Wykyngeston, of all their right in a piece of meadow in Bradmedow, next the meadow of
William Cooke, and in
3 roods of land in the fields of Wykyngeston. Seal gone. 991. 1413-14, 8 March (Thursday before
St Gregory
the pope, I Hen. III. (sic).] Bond by John Faukes of Wykingeston the younger to Richard Lofe
and John Brown of
Wykingeston, in 20 marks, payable at the feast of the Annunciation next. Seal gone : simple
queue. Condition
(endorsed): the said John Faukes shall indemnify the grantees against sir John Berkeley, the
sheriff of
Leycester, or his deputies. 992. 1415 [3 Hen. V.]. 4 Oct. Huththorp'. Grant and confirmation by
Robert Fouler of
Huththorp, chaplain, to John, sometime the son of Robert le Faukus of Wykyngston. of a
messuage in
Wykyngeston, situate between the messuage of William Swetyng and that late of Henry Foston,
and of all his
lands, etc., in Wykyngston, which sir William Gower, rector of the church of Haloghton, John,
son of William le
Smyth of Flekeney, now deceased, and the said Robert Fowler, lately had together of the gift and
feoffment of
the said John, sometime the son of Robert le Faukus'. Release and quitclaim. To hold of the chief
lords, etc.
Warranty Witnesses: Thomas Pegge, John Randull, Thomas Symond, William Cook, John
Dawes. Small piece of
seal. Endorsed: Relax. Rob. Fowler capell. fact. Joh. de Fawk. Othorpe. See No. 967. 
508 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 993. 1416. 13 Dec. [Sunday after the
Conception oj B.V.M., 4 Hen. V.]
Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by John Faukes of Wykyngeston to Henry Koc of
Wykyngeston and John
Morley of the same, of all his lands, etc., which he has in the town and fields of Wykyngeston.
To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Symond, Thomas Symond. John Hutte, of
Wykyngeston. Seal.
994. 1416-7 [4 Hen. V). 10 Jan. Release and quitclaim by Ralph Friday to John Faukus of all
manner of personal
actions. Fragment of seal. 995. 1417, 4 Aug. [Wed. ajter St Peter's Chains, 5 Hen. V.)
Wykyngeston. Grant and
confirmation by John Faukes, Henry Koc, and John Morley, of Wykyngeston, to Thomas Smyth,
the son of
William Smyth, of Wykyngeston, of 18 roods of arable land in the fields of Wykyngeston; to wit.
in the fields
called Tobrokes felde, half an acre lying upon Hawethornhill, next the headland of Henry atte
Welle; half an
acre lying upon Nepcrotes, next the land of the said Henry atte Welle; half an acre lying upon
Gunwarhill, next
the land of John Hutte. Also, in the fields called Mablowe felde, one rood lying at Holywell, next
the land of
Henry Koc; one rood lying into Porteway, next the land of William Swan; one rood lying upon
Northmedewefurlong, next the land of Henry Eyrik; 2 roods lying above Audeby gate, next the
land of the said
Henry Eyrik; one rood lying between lez Styes, next the land of William Pauey. Also, in the
fields called
Thykthornhill felde, half an acre into Newton gate, lying next the land of Henry Koc; half an acre
lying into
Brokslade, next the land of Henry Eyrik; a rood lying upon Wellesprynghill, next the land of
John Glen, jun.; and
one rood lying into Kylby gate, next the land of Henry Koc. To hold of the chief lords. etc.
Warranty. Witnesses:
Thomas Pegge, John Friday, John Randolf, John Hutte. Robert Symond, of Wykyngeston. Two
seals (one
fragmentary): the third gone. 
509 WIGSTON 996. 1417, 2 Sept. [Thurs. after the Decollation of St John Baptist, 5 Hen. V.]
Wykyngeston.
Grant and confirmation by John Faukes of Wykyngeston, Henry Koc, and John Morley of
Wykyngeston, to
Thomas Smyth, the son of William Smyth of Wykyngeston, William Smyth of Flekeney, Thomas
Preston of
Henle upon Thames, and Thomas Geuard of Fenny Drayton, of a messuage in Wykyngeston,
lying between two
messuages of John Swylyngton, esq., to wit, between the messuage which is in the tenure of
William Swetyng
and that which is in the tenure of Margaret Loue, and of a virgate of land, with meadows, etc., in
the town and
fields of Wykyngeston. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Pegge, John
Friday, John
Randolff. John Hutte, Robert Symond. Two seals : one seal gone. 997. 1417, 29 Dec. [St
Thomas, abp and
martyr, in Christmas weck, 5 Hen. V.) Wykyngeston. Indenture of grant, delivery, and demise by
Nicholas atte
Halle of Gylden Moreton' to Richard German of Wykyngeston and Amice his wife, of that
messuage, with all
the lands, etc., which were sometime of John Faukes of Wykyngeston. To hold of the chief lords,
etc., from
Easter next for the term of two years next following and fully complete, rendering therefor yearly
to the said
Nicholas or his assign 13s. 4d. at two terms of the year, to wit, at Easter and Michaelmas, by
equal portions.
The said Nicholas also wills and grants that, if the said Richard and Amice, or John Faukes, pay
or cause to be
paid to the said Nicholas or his sure attorney, at any time within the said term of two years, 12
marks and 53.
of good and lawful money, then the premises shall remain to the said Richard and Amice and to
the heirs
between them lawfully begotten. And, if they die without such heirs, then the premises shall
remain to the
said John Faukes and his heirs. And if the said Nicholas, after full payment of the said 12 marks
and 5s., be
unwilling to enfeoff the said Richard and Amice and John, as in form aforesaid, the said Nicholas
binds himself,
his heirs and executors, in ú20, as is more fully contained in a bond made therefor. Cilmorton. 
510 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: John Randolff, John Dounesby,
John Hutte, Robert
Symond, John Morley, of Wykyngeston. Seal. 9974. 1417, 29 Dec. Counterpart of the preceding.
Two seals (one
fragmentary). 998. 1418 (6 Hen. V). 18 June. Grant and confirmation by Nicholas atte Halle of
Gylden Moreton
to Henry de Ferrar, chivaler, John Dunham of Ansty, Henry Briddesmer and John Randell of
Wykyngeston, of
the messuage in Wykyngeston, with all lands, meadows, grazings, pastures and all its
appurtenances, which
Nicholas had of the gift and feoffment of Henry Cok of Wykyngeston, Thomas Smyth son of
William Smyth of
Wykyngeston, William of Flekeney. Thomas Preston of Henley on Thames and Thomas Geuard
of Fenny
Drayton. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Peg of Wykyngeston;
John Friday:
Richard of Penne; Thomas Grandon; Thomas Hutte. Seal, red wax. Endorsed: Carta Nicholai atte
Hall facta
Henrico de Ferr', Johanni Dunham et aliis. 999. Same date. Bond of John atte Welle of
Wykyngeston, taylour, to
John Dunham of Ansty in ú20 sterling, to be paid to the same John Dunham, his executors or
assigns, at
Michaelmas next following. Seal gone. 1000. 1418-9, 12 Feb. [Sunday bejore St Valentine, 6
Hen. Wykyngeston.
Grant and confirmation by John Smyth of Wykyngeston to Beatrice his wife, of a messuage with
a horse mill in
Wykyngeston, lying between the messuage which is in the tenure of Henry Jewet and that of the
said John
Smyth; and of 3 acres and a rood of arable land, lying in the fields of Wykyngeston, which Alice
Smyth, the
sister of the said John, sometime had of the gift and feoffment of William Smyth their father, as
is more fully
contained in a charter made thereof. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the said Beatrice for the
term of her
life, with reversion after her decease to the said John and his heirs. Warranty. 
WIGSTON Witnesses: John Friday, John Hutte, Henry Koc. John Goluer, Richard Pollyng. of
Wykyngeston. Seal
gone. Endorsed: Wykyngeston. 1001. 1418-9, 4 March [Sat. in the first weck of Lent, 6 Hen. V.)
Wykyngeston.
Release and quitclaim by Richard German of Wykyngeston to John Dunham of Ansty' and Henry
Briddesmer, of
all his right in that messuage in Wykyngeston, with all lands, etc., and all its appurtenances,
which the said
John and Henry, together with other persons, lately had of the gift and grant of Nicholas atte
Halle of
Gyldenmoreton'. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Peg. John Hutte, Ralph Fryday. Richard Eryk.
Robert Symond,
of Wykyngeston. Seal. Endorsed: Relax. Ric. German fact. Joh. Dunham & Henr. Briddsmere.
1002. 1419. 30
Nov. (Thursday, St Andrew's day, 7 Hen. V.) Wykyngeston. Release and quitclaim by John
Faukes of
Wykyngeston to John Dunham of Ansty and Henry Briddesmer, of all his right, etc. in that
messuage, etc.
described as in No. 1001). Warranty. Witnesses: John Fryday, Henry Cok, Robert Symond, John
Bocher, Richard
Eryk, of Wykyngeston. Seal. 1003. 1420. 7 July (Translation of St Thomas the martyr, 8 Hen. V.]
Brantyngthorp.
Grant and confirmation by William Harecourt of Brantyngthorp to John Harecourt, sen., his son,
of the same,
and Margery his wife, of the tenement of the said William, with a horse mill in Wykyngeston; the
which
tenement is situate between that of John Hutte of the said town, and that of Thomas of Grendon'.
To hold of
the chief lords, etc., after one year entire and complete from the day of the making of these
presents, to the
said John and Margery and their heirs between them lawfully begotten. with reversion to the said
William, his
heirs and assigns; saving that, if the said John happen to die within the year next Cf. No. 999.
2See No. 997.
*Cf. No. 980. 
 512 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS following the date of these presents, the
premises shall revert as
aforesaid. Warranty. Witnesses: John Gregory, of Brantyngthorp; William Gower, clerk; Richard
Bagworth, of
Brantyngthorp. Seal. 1004. 1421, 1 August (Friday, St Peter at Chains, 9 Hen. Wykyngeston.
Delivery, demise
and confirmation by Henry Briddesmer to John Nyghtyngale and John Morton of Leycester, of
the messuage
with the appurtenances in Wykyngeston, with all lands, meadows, grazings and pastures and all
its
appurtenances, which Henry, together with Henry de Ferr, chivaler, John Dunham of Ansty and
John Randell of
Wykyngeston, who now are dead, had of the gift and feoffment of Nicholas atte Halle of
Gyldenmoreton'. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. [No warranty.) Witnesses: John Hutte of Wykyngeston; John Waleys;
Henry Cok.
Seal, red wax: in a hexagon, the letter 1 between two branches. 1005. 1421. 13 August [Wed.
after St
Lawrence, 9 Hen. V. Wykyngeston. Release and quitclaim by Christian, late the wife of John
Dunham of Ansty,
in her pure widowhood, for herself and her heirs, to Richard Penne of Wykyngeston and his
heirs, of all her
right in a messuage with the appurtenances in Wykyngeston which was late of John her
husband"; and all
manner of actions, real and personal, which she may have against Richard from the beginning of
the world
until the day of the making of these presents. (No witnesses.) 1006. 1424, 29 March [2 Hen. VI)
Wykyngeston.
Grant and confirmation by John Nyghtyngale and John Moreton of Leycester to Richard Penne of
Wykyngeston
and Joan his wife, of the messuage in Wykyngeston, with all lands, meadows, grazings and
pastures with all
their appurtenances. which Henry Briddesmer delivered, demised and confirmed by his charter to
the said
John and John'; the which messuage with its appurtenances Henry Briddesmer, together with See
No. 998.
ØSee Nos. 998, 1001, 1002. *See No. 1004. 
WIGSTON 513 Henry Ferrers, chivaler, John Dunham of Ansty and John Randell of
Wykyngeston, who are now
dead, had of the gift and feoffment of Nicholas atte Halle of Gylden Moreton. To hold, etc., to
Richard and
Joan in survivorship for term of their life of the chief lords, etc., with remainder after their death
to John Penne
of Wykyngeston, his heirs and assigns. Warranty. Witnesses: John Fryday; Ralph Fryday; John
Waleys; John
Hutte; Henry Koc, and others. Seal, red wax : in a hexagon, I between two branches. 1007. 1424
[2 Hen. VI), 1
May. Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation (indented) by John Randull of Wykynston to John
Waleys and
Margaret, mother of the said John Randull, as part of the said Margaret s dower, of a messuage
and a virgate
of land, with meadow, etc., in the town and fields of Wykynston, and also of 38. yearly rent
payable out of the
premises; the which messuage is situate between the tenement of William Cole and that of
William a Penne,
with one head abutting upon the king's way called Spowtewell Stret, and with the other head
extending
opposite towards E. and was called of late Helys Randyll lond, or John of Wykynston lond. To
hold to the said
John Waleys and Margaret, as the dower of Margaret, for her whole life, rendering therefor
yearly to the heirs
of Robert Chapman three leaves of a red rose at the Nativity of St John Baptist, if it be asked, for
all service,
save foreign service to the king. Warranty. Witnesses: Ralph Fryday of Wykyngston, gent.; John
Cok, John
Lusse, Richard Pollyng, Thomas Simond, of the same. Small piece of seal. 1008. 1424 [2 Hen.
VI). 30 May.
Wikyngeston. Grant and confirmation by Richard Penne of Wikyngeston and Joan his wife to
John Faukes of
Wikyngeston and Joan his wife. of a yearly rent of 98. payable out of all those lands and
tenements in
Wikyngeston, which were sometime of Robert Faukes, the father of the said John, and were late
of the said
John, in Wikyngeston. To have and receive the said rent, for the term of the life of the said John
Faukes and
Joan in survivorship, at three terms of the year, to wit, the Purification 
514 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS of B.M., Pentecost, and Michaelmas, by equal
portions. With power
of distraint to the said Richard and Joan, and their sure attorney or assigns, during the life of the
said Richard
and Joan and the survivor of either, if the said rent be fifteen days in arrear after any of the terma
aforenamed. Warranty. Witnesses: John Wales, Richard Eyreke, Robert Symond, Henry Cok,
John Dunnesby, of
Wikyngeston. Fragment of one seal : the other gone. 1009. 1424, 9 Oct. [St Denis the martyr, 3
Hen. VI.
Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by William Harecourt of Brantyngesthorp and John
Harecourt the elder,
son of the said William, to John Dawe of Wykyngeston, miller (milner) of a messuage in
Wykyngeston next the
messuage of John Hutte on one side and next the messuage sometime of Thomas of Grendon on
the other,
which was late of sir Henry Harecourt, chaplain. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John
Friday; John Waleys; John Hutte; Henry Koc of Wykyngeston; William Spencer of Blaby. Two
seals, red wax.
1010. 1426, 9 June [Sunday before St Barnabas, 4 Hen. VI.) Wykyngeston. Release and
quitclaim by John Friday
of Wykyngeston to William Penne of Wykyngeston and Amy his wife, of all his right in a
messuage, lying in
Wykyngeston. and half a virgate of land, with meadows, etc., which were sometime of Richard
Balle of
Wykyngeston and lsabel his wife. Witnesses: John Waleys, John Hutte, Henry Koc, Thomas
Symond, Richard
Eryk. Seal. Endorsed : Relaxacio Johannis Fryday de Wykyngeston, etc. 1011. 1431, 29 Sept. [St
Michael the
archangel, 10 Hen. VI.) Wykengston. Grant and confirmation by Beatrice Smyth of Wykenston,
in her
widowhood, to John Marchall of Keleby' and Alice his wife, of a messuage with the croft
adjoining, situate
between the tenement which Henry Jewet See No. 959. *Kilby. 
WIGSTON 515 holds on N. and that of Henry Randolf on S.; and of a horse mill with all its
furniture, situate
within the said messuage; and of 3 acres and a rood of arable land, lying in the territory of
Wykengston. To
hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Langham, of Keleby; John Waleys of
Wykengston, esq.;
Richard Pollyng, Henry Cokke, Thomas Simond, Richard Eyrik, William Webbester, of the
same. Seal. Endorsed:
Wykyngeston. 1012. 1432 [10 Hen. VI), 1 June. Grant and confirmation (indented) by Richard
Randolff of
Wykyngeston, gentilman, to John Kent of Kyrby', esq., Richard Langham of Kylby. and John
Walles of
Wykyngeston, gentilmen, of a messuage and 2 virgates of land, lying within the commodities of
Burton
Nouerey, and of a messuage and half a virgate of land, lying within the commodities of
Wykyngeston, which
lately descended to the said grantor by hereditary right, after the death of Henry Wygston his
cousin, and
lately were called Wygstonland. To hold of the chief lords, etc., so far as the services appertain to
so great a
messuage and to half a virgate of land, lying within the commodities of Wykyngeston, rendering
therefor to
John de Bellamount, kt., lord of Beamount, and his heirs, 2lb. of pepper and 2lb. of cummin at
Christmas
yearly, to be paid out of the said land in Wykyngeston, for all services, etc., saving the suit of
court due to the
heirs of Roger Quynsy, earl of Winchester, by the said grantor and his heirs for ever. Warranty.
Witnesses: John
Hotoft, Robert Wyuell, Gerard de la Hey, esqq.; Ralph fryday, of Wykyngeston; John Lay, of
Burton Nouerey.
Fragment of seal. 1013. 1434, 10 Aug. [St Lawrence the martyr, 12 Hen. VI) Wyggyngston.
Delivery and
confirmation by Henry Kok of Wyggyngston, Robert Sergeant, late of Byttysewell, and William
Baddesley, late
of Lughburgh, to master Thomas Hill, rector of Wyggyngston', of all the lands, tenements, Kirby
Muxloe. *Hill
was prebendary of the twelfth stall in the Newarke college 1425-1431, and of the seventh stall
1431-1438. He
exchanged this prebend and the church of Wigston in 1438 for the church of Great Chesterford,
Essex, with
John Dey. 
516 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS etc., which the said Henry, Robert, and
William, with Isabel Ball,
William Ball, and Thomas Hely, now deceased, lately had of the gift and feoffment of Richard
Penne of
Wyggyngston', and which the said Richard lately had of the gift and feoffment of William Coke
of
Wyggyngston. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: John Wales, Henry Randyll, John Hutt.
Richard Eyryk,
Richard Pollyng. Present at the taking of seisin: John Wales, sir William  and Dey. Richard
Penne.   Randolfe,
William Henry Cok. Three seals. Endorsed : Carta Henrico Kok fact. Thome Hill. 1014. 1435, 16
Oct. [Sunday
after St Denis the martyr 14 Hen. VI). Wykyngeston. Grant by John Dawe of Wheston, milner, to
Thomas
Freende of Wykyngeston, turnour, and his wife Alice, of a messuage with the garden adjoining in
Wykyngeston, with the horse mill being in the same messuage, lying next the messuage of John
Hutte on one
side, and that of Robert Payn on the other, which the said John sometime had of the gift and
feoffment of
William Harecourt of Brantyngesthorp. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses :
Master Thomas
Hille, parson of the church of Wykyngeston, John Waleys, William Botyler, John Hutte, Henry
Koc, Thomas
Symond, Richard Eryk. Seal. Wyggyngston. 1015. 1436-7 (15 Hen. VI), 23 Jan. Delivery and
confirmation by
master Thomas Hill, rector of Wyggyngston, to Ralph Fyssher of Leycestre, draper, of all those
lands, etc.,
which the said Thomas lately had of the gift and feoffment of Henry Cok of Wyggyngston,
Robert Sergeaunt,
late of Byttyswell, and William Baddesley, late of Lughburgh, in the town and fields of
Wyggyngston, and which
the said Henry, Robert, and William, together with Isabel Ball, William Ball, and Thomas Holy,
now deceased,
lately had of the gift and feoffment of Richard Penne of Wyggyngston'. To hold of the chief
lords, etc. See No.
987. *See No. 1009. *See Nos. 987, 1013. 
WIGSTON 517 Witnesses : William Pacy, of Leycestre; John Waleys, Henry Cok, Richard Eryk,
Robert Hut,
Richard Pollyng, of Nygurngaion. Seal. 1016. 1436-7 (15 Hen. VII, 29 Jan. Wyggyngston.
Release and quitclaim
by William Penne of Wyggyngston, son and heir of Richard Penne of Wyggyngston, to Ralph
Fyssher of
Leycestre, draper, of all his right in all those lands, with meadows, etc., which were lately of the
said Richard in
the town and fields of Wyggyngston; which the said Ralph lately had of the gift and feoffment of
master
Thomas Hill. rector of Wyggyngston; and the said master Thomas had them of the gift and
feoffment of Henry
Cok of Wyggyngston, Robert Sergeaunt, late of Byttyswell, and William Baldesley, late of
Lughburgh; and the
said Henry, Robert, and William, together with Isabel Ball, William Ball, and Thomas Holy. now
deceased, lately
held them of the gift and feoffment of the said Richard Penne. Warranty. Witnesses: William
Pacy, of
Leycestre; John Waleys, Henry Cok, Richard Eryk, Robert Hutte, Richard Pollyng, of
Wyggyngston; John
Moreton, of Leycestre. Seal. 1017. 1439-40 [18 Hen. VI), 19 March. Wykyngeston. Release and
quitclaim by
Joan Penne to John Penne of Wykyngeston, of all her right in all those lands, etc., in
Wykyngeston, which were
sometime of John Faukes, and which the said Joan, together with Richard Penne, late her
husband, lately had
of the gift and feoffment of John Nyghttyngale and John Moreton. Witnesses: Thomas Astell,
John atte Welle,
jun., John Andrewe, of Wykyngeston. Fragment of seal. 1018. 1442 [20 Hen. VI). 3 April.
Wykyngeston. Grant
by John Penne of Wykyngeston to Reynold Moton of Newehalle, esq., John Waleys of
Wykyngeston the elder,
and John Penne of the same the younger, of all his lands and tenements, etc., in the town and
fields of
Wykyngeston. Also of all his See No. 1006. 
516 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS etc., which the said Henry, Robert, and
William, with Isabel Ball,
William Ball. and Thomas Hely, now deceased, lately had of the gift and feoffment of Richard
Penne of
Wyggyngs ton', and which the said Richard lately had of the gift and feoffment of William Coke
of
Wyggyngston. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: John Wales, Henry Randyll, John Hutt.
Richard Eyryk,
Richard Pollyng. Present at the taking of seisin : John Wales, sir William and Dey. Richard
Penne.   Randolfe,
William Henry Cok. Three seals. Endorsed: Carta Henrico Kok fact. Thome Hill. 1014. 1435. 16
Oct. [Sunday
after St Denis the martyr, 14 Hen. VI). Wykyngeston. Grant by John Dawe of Wheston, milner,
to Thomas
Freende of Wykyngeston, turnour, and his wife Alice, of a messuage with the garden adjoining in
Wykyngeston, with the horse mill being in the same messuage, lying next the messuage of John
Hutte on one
side, and that of Robert Payn on the other, which the said John sometime had of the gift and
feoffment of
William Harecourt of Brantyngesthorp. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses :
Master Thomas
Hille, parson of the church of Wykyngeston, John Waleys, William Botyler, John Hutte. Henry
Koc. Thomas
Symond, Richard Eryk. Seal. 1015. 1436-7 115 Hen. VI). 23 Jan. Wyggyngston. Delivery and
confirmation by
master Thomas Hill, rector of Wyggyngston, to Ralph Fyssher of Leycestre, draper, of all those
lands, etc.,
which the said Thomas lately had of the gift and feoffment of Henry Cok of Wyggyngston,
Robert Sergeaunt,
late of Byttyswell, and William Baddesley, late of Lughburgh, in the town and fields of
Wyggyngston, and which
the said Henry, Robert. and William, together with Isabel Ball, William Ball, and Thomas Holy,
now deceased.
lately had of the gift and feoffment of Richard Penne of Wyggyngston'. To hold of the chief
lords, etc. See No.
987. "See No. 1009. *See Nos. 987, 1013. 
WIGSTON Witnesses: William Pacy, of Leycestre; John Waleys, Henry Cok. Richard Eryk.
Robert Hut, Richard
Pollyng. of Wyggyngston. Seal. Nygrngion. 1016. 1436-7 115 Hen. VII. 29 Jan. Release and
quitclaim by William
Penne of Wyggyngston. son and heir of Richard Penne of Wyggyngston, to Ralph Fyssher of
Leycestre, draper,
of all his right in all those lands, with meadows, etc., which were lately of the said Richard in the
town and
fields of Wyggyngston; which the said Ralph lately had of the gift and feoffment of master
Thomas Hill, rector
of Wyggyngston; and the said master Thomas had them of the gift and feoffment of Henry Cok
of
Wyggyngston, Robert Sergeaunt, late of Byttyswell, and William Baldesley, late of Lughburgh;
and the said
Henry, Robert, and William, together with Isabel Ball, William Ball, and Thomas Holy. now
deceased, lately held
them of the gift and feoffment of the said Richard Penne. Warranty. Witnesses: William Pacy, of
Leycestre;
John Waleys, Henry Cok. Richard Eryk. Robert Hutte. Richard Pollyng. of Wyggyngston; John
Moreton, of
Leycestre. Seal. 1017. 1439-40 118 Hen. VI). 19 March. Wykyngeston. Release and quitclaim by
Joan Penne to
John Penne of Wykyngeston, of all her right in all those lands, etc., in Wykyngeston, which were
sometime of
John Faukes, and which the said Joan, together with Richard Penne, late her husband, lately had
of the gift and
feoffment of John Nyghttyngale and John Moreton. Witnesses: Thomas Astell, John atte Welle,
jun., John
Andrewe, of Wykyngeston. Fragment of seal. 1018. 1442 [20 Hen. VI). 3 April. Wykyngeston.
Grant by John
Penne of Wykyngeston to Reynold Moton of Newehalle, esq., John Waleys of Wykyngeston the
elder, and John
Penne of the same the younger, of all his lands and tenements, etc., in the town and fields of
Wykyngeston.
Also of all his See No. 1006. 
518 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS goods and chattels, movable and immovable,
living and dead, which
he has in the town of Wykyngeston, or elsewhere within the realm of England, wheresoever they
may be
found. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Henry Cok, Thomas Symond, John
Love of
Wykyngeston. Seal. 1019. 1442 (20 Hen. VI). 7 April. Wykyngeston. Letters of attorney of
Reynold Moton of
Newehalle, esq., John Waleys of Wykyngeston, sen., and John Penne of the same, jun.,
empowering John
Penne of Wykyngeston, sen., to occupy, etc., in their name all those lands, etc., which they lately
had of the
gift and feoffment of the said John Penne, sen., in the town and fields of Wykyngeston; and also
to keep and
govern in their stead and name all those their goods and chattels, movable and immovable, living
and dead,
which they lately had of the gift of the said John Penne, sen., in the town of Wykyngeston and
elsewhere
within the realm of England; and to plough and sow the said lands, mow the said meadows, and
carry all the
crops growing and to grow upon the said lands, and all the hay from the said meadows
forthcoming. and to
traffic with the same goods and chattels, crops and hay whatsoever, to the advantage and profit of
the said
Reynold, John Waleys, and John Penne, jun. And the said John Penne, sen., when required by the
said Reynold.
John, and John, or any one of them, shall render a good and faithful account concerning the said
crops and
hay, goods and chattels, and the increment thereof. One seal : two gone. 1020. 1442 [21 Hen.
VII. 27 Dec.
Wyggyngston. Delivery and confirmation by Ralph Fyssher of Leycester, draper, to John Penne
of Wyggyngston,
son of Richard Penne, late of Wyggyngston, of all the lands and tenements, meadows, grazings
and pastures
with all their appurtenances. which the said Ralph lately had of the gift and feoffment of master
Thomas Hill,
late rector of the church of Wyggyngston, in the town and fields of Wyggyngston'. To hold of the
chief lords,
etc. Warranty. See Nos. 1015, 1016. 
WIGSTON Witnesses: Richard Randolf of Leycester, grocer; Henry Cok: Thomas Symond;
Richard Pollyng:
William Waymond of Wyggyngston. Oval seal, red wax : a lion rampant. 1021. Same date.
Wyggyngston.
Letters of the same Ralph. appointing John Waleys of Wyggyngston the elder. as his attorney to
deliver seisin
of the premises. Seal broken. 1022. 1443 (21 Hen. VI), 2 May. Grant by Ralph Fryday to Richard
a Penne, his
kinsman, of a yearly rent of 4s. 6d. for the term of his life, which belongs to the said Ralph and
his heirs from a
tenement and lands of the said Richard. situated in the street (vico) of Moseho in the town of
Wykengeston,
and lately called Faukes lond or Gudwyns lond; of the which rent the said Ralph has put the said
Richard in
possession by the payment of sixpence, even as the said rent was paid in time past. Witnesses:
William a
Penne, Thomas Symond, Henry Cokke, of Wykemston, Ralph Brasyer of Leycestre. Seal. Per me
Radm Fryday.
1023. 1443, 22 June [Sat. after Trinity, 21 Hen. VI.) Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by
Henry
Bellomonte, esq., and Richard Hotoft, esq., to Richard Fryday and Elizabeth his wife, of all and
sundry the lands,
etc., with 22s. 2d. yearly rent, which the said Henry and Richard Hotoft had of the gift and
feoffment lately of
the said Richard Fryday, in Wikyngeston : to wit, the capital messuage lying between the
tenement of the lord
of Oxford on N. and the common way called Bysrowgate on the other side. Also 3 virgates of
land, and a croft
called Halcroft, lying between the tenement of the lord of Oxford and the messuage of Richard
Randull. Also
22s. 2d. yearly rent issuing from divers tenements in the same town at certain terms yearly there
accustomed:
to wit, from the tenement of Ralph Fryday, late of John le Keu, 4s. 6d.; from that of Richard
Pollyng, 3s.; from
that of the nuns and of John Smyth, 3s.; from those of Richard Eryk. 2s.: from that of Henry
Cokk.

520 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 6d.; from that of Richard a Penne, late of John Faux. sometime of John Godewyn, 4s. 6d.; from that of Robert Hutte late of John Dubayll, 3s. 4d.; from that of John Love, late of John Dawys. 2d.; from that of Richard Magson, late of John Elyat. 12d.; and from that of Thomas Pegge, late of Henry Harecourt. 2d. To hold of the chief lorda, etc., te the said Richard and Elizabeth, and the heirs of their bodies lawfully begotten, with successive remainders to John Fryday, brother of the said Richard Fryday, and the heirs o his body lawfully begotten, and to Ralph Fryday. the second brother of the same Richard, his heirs and assigns. Witnesses: Richard Langeham: John Waleys, Henry Cokke, Thomas Symond; William Palley, of Wykengeston: John Brokysby, William Botheway, of Stoughton. Two seals. 1024. 1444 [22 Hen. VII, 13 June. Bond by John Penne of Wygeston, hussebondeman, to John Wardele, clerk. in 40s. sterling. payable at Michaelmas next. Seal gone : simple queue. 1025. 1449, 3 June (Tuesday after Pentecost, 27 Hen. VI) Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Freende of Leycester, turnour, and Alice his wife to John Mischaell of Wykyngeston and William Kegworth of Leycester, of messuage with the garden adjoining in the town of Wykynges ton, situate between the messuage of Robert Hutte and tha of Margaret Scales, late the daughter of Thomas Grendon the which messuage the grantors of late had of the gift and feoffment of John Dawe of Wheston, milner'. To hold of the chief lords. Warranty. Witnesses: John Walles of Wykyngeston the elder. William Pauley. John Palmer, William Symond. Richard Keg. Eyrek. of the same. Two seals (broken). Endorsed: These byth the Bondars and Mayars of the same londe of Grendon. 1026. 1452 [31 Hen. VI), 10 Dec. Indenture (English) of bond in &40, to be paid at Michaelmas next, between John See No. 1014. 
WIGSTON Penne of Wykyngeston, husebondman, and John Love of the same town. yoman, for keeping of the covenant whereby the said John Penn and John Walys of Wykyngeston shall deliver of make to be delivered estate to John Love and to his assyners in two messuages set in Wykyngeston, of the which one was sometime of John Faux. and the other of Richard Balle, with all lands, tenements, etc. that the said John Pent has in the town and fields of Wykyngeston, at Michaelmas next. This estate so delivered, the said John Love shall pay to the said John Penn £10. of the which the said John Penn shall leave to the said John Love &5 unto Midsummer next after the said feast. And the said John Penn shall have all the rent of the said messuages and the tenants there, to stresse for the rent, if it need. so that he shall pay the chief rent unto the said feast of St Michael, so that the said John Love shall have free entry and owtgayt to the said messuages with their purtenances, for to reparell and mende the lands for to falowe, and he shall have all the meadows and pastures that the said John Penn hath in the fields of Wykyngeston unto the said feast. Also the said John Penn shall have free entry and owtgayt without any reparation te his peys Rekes that he bought of the said John Love. unto the said feast, without any impediment or destruction of the said pease of the said John Love or of any man in his name. If these covenants be kept well and truly, the bond shall be null: otherwise, it shall be sued by law. Seal broken. 1027. Same date. Bond by John Penn of Wykyngeston husbandman, to John Loue of the same, in £40, payable at Michaelmas. Seal gone : simple queue. 1028. 1453 (32 Hen. VI). 2 Oct. Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by John Penne, son and heir of Richard Penne, to John Love and Agnes his wife of all his landa, tenements, etc., in Wykyngeston. To hold of the chief lords. etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Waleys. jun., Henry Cok. Richard Eyrikke, Henry Eyrikke, Thomas Astell. Seal. Endoreed: Jhon Pene dedit Jhon Love & agneti vx. 

522 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 1029. Same date. Wykyngeston. Letters of the
same, appointing
William Boteler and Thomas Astell his attorneys to deliver seisin of the premises. Seal. 1030.
1453 [32 Hen. VII.
2 Oct. Wykyngeston. Release and quitclaim by John Waleys the elder to John Love. Agnes his
wife, and the
heirs of the said John, of all his right and claim of and in two messuages, with lands, meadows,
grazings,
pastures, rents and services with their appurtenances in Wykyngeston; whereof one was of John
Faux and the
other of Richard Balle. Warranty. Witnesses: John Waleys the younger; Henry Cok; Richard
Eyrikke; Henry
Eyrikke; Thomas Astell of Wykyngeston, and many others. Seal, red wax. 1031. 1454-5 [33 Hen.
VII, 5 Feb.
Wykyngeston. Grant by Richard Cheseman of Leycestre to John Luf of Wykyngeston, of a
messuage, six acres
of land and four of pasture, with meadows, leasowes, etc., lying in the town and fields of
Wykyngeston; the
which messuage is situated between the tenement of Ralph Fryday on E., and that of John
Mitchell on W, and
extends from the king's way called Bussclowe to the north field of the said town. To hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: William Presgraue, John att Welle, Thomas Astell, William Palley, John
Adkyn, of
Wykyngeston. Seal. 1032. 1454-5 [33 Hen. VII, 8 Feb. Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by
John Luf of
Wykyngeston to Thomas Eueryngham, esq., Henry Robson, esq., Robert Ferneham, esq., and
William
Presgraue, husbondman, of a messuage, 6 acres of land, 4 Jacres of) pasture, with meadows, etc.,
in the town
and fields of Wykyngeston; the which messuage is situate between the tenement of Ralph Fryday
on E. and
that of John Mitchell on W., and stretches from the king's way called Bussclow to the N. field of
the said town.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Presgraue, John at Well, Thomas
Astell, William
Palley, John Adkyn. 
WIGSTON Seal. Endorsed : Johannes Love dedit vnum mess. 1033. 1454-5 [33 Hen. VI), 10
Feb. Wykyngeston.
Grant and confirmation by John Luf of Wykyngeston to Thomas Eueryngham, esq., Henry
Robson, esq., Robert
Ferneham, esq., and William Presgraue, husbondman, of all his lands. tenements, etc., in the
town and fields of
Wykyngeston. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Presgraue, John att
Welle, Thomas
Astell, William Palley, John Adkyn. Seal. 1034. 1454-5. Wygynston. Audit of the accounts of
John Love. bailiff
there, before John Somercotes, auditor of sir Aubrey de Veere, the lord there, so that, computatis
computandis and allocatis allocandis, to the morrow of St Michael the Archangel, 34 Hen. VI.,
the same John
has nothing in arrear, but departed quit of his account. 1035. 1455. 1 Oct. [Wednesday after St
Michael the
archangel, 34 Hen. VI), Wykyngeston. Grant by John Mischaell of Leycestre to Richard
Wyndeslowe and Agnes
his wife, of a messuage with the garden adjoining situate in the town of Wykyngeston, between
the messuage
of Robert Hutte and that of John Lofe, late of Margaret Scales, the which the said John Mischaell
had of late
with William Kegworth of Leycestre, now deceased, of the gift and feoffment of Thomas Frende
of Leycestre,
turnour, and Alice his wife'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Walles of
Wykyngeston
the elder, John Lofe. Robert Hutte, William Webster, William Pawley, of the same. Seal. 1036.
1455 (34 Hen.
VI). 2 Oct. Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by John Luffe of Wykyngeston to Thomas
Eueryngham, esq.,
William Grymmesby, esq., Robert Stanton, Richard Neel, William Catte, clerk, and William
Boteler del
Ermytage, of all his lands and tenements in See No. 1025. 

524 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Wykyngeston and Knyghton, and elsewhere in co Leycester. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Richard Langham of Kilby, gentilman, John Waleys of Wykyngeston, jun., gentilman. John at welle, William Pernell, John Atkyn, of the same. Richard Sewale and John Neel of Knyghton. Seal. Endorsed (later hand): Jhoes love dedit Rico Neyll Willo Cate clico &c. 1037. Same date. Letters of the same, appointing William Pernell and John at Welle of Wykyngeston his attorneys to take and deliver seisin of the premises Seal. 1038. 1456. 25 April (St Mark the evangelist, 34 Hen. VI). Wykyngeston. Grant by Richard Wyndeslowe of Oudeby and Agnes his wife to John Lofe of Wykyngeston and Agne his wife, of a messuage with the garden adjoining in the town of Wykyngeston, situate between the messuage of Robert Hutte and that late of Margaret Scales. and now of the said John Lofe; the which messuage they had of late of the gift and feoffment of John Mischaell of Leycester'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Waleys the elder, Robert Hutte. William Webster, William Pawley, John Atwell the younger. John Carter of Wykeston. Seals gone, except a small piece of one. 1039. 1457, 29 Sept. (St Michael the archangel, 36 Hen. VI.) Grant by Awbrey de Veer, kt., son and heir of John de Veer. earl of Oxford, to his beloved serjeant John of Wode for his good service paid to him, of the office of bailiff of his lordship of Wygston, together with the fee of twopence sterling a day. To have. hold and occupy the aforesaid office with all the profits in any way of old due, appertaining. and accustomed, and the said fee daily from the date of these presents, receiving yearly of the said John of Wode and his assigns, during the whole life of the said John of Wode, by his own hands, of the issues and prosits of the said lordship See No. 1035. 
esron forthcoming. at two terms in the year, to wit, at Easter and Michaelmas by equal portions. Mandate and precept to all and singular the tenants of the said Awbrey to be respondent. assistant, and attendant to him in the execution of the said office. In testimony whereof the said Awbrey has affixed to the present writing the seal which he uses, because during the life of his father he does not use the seal of his arma in any way. Piece of seal. 1040. 1462 (2 Edw. IVJ. 10 Nov. Wygeston. Indenture (English) between Richard Randull of Leicester, of the one part. and William Clerke and Markett his wife, of the other whereby the said Richard grants to the said William and Markett the lease of a messuage in Wygeston and 3 quarter of land, with meadow and pasture, in the fields of the same town, for the ingression whereof the said William and Markett have paid in hand 62. 8d. To hold to the said William and Markett and their assigns from Michaelmas next to the end and term of 20 years, rendering therefor yearly to the said Richard 15s. of good and lawful money of England at three terms of the year there usual. The said Richare undertakes to make the messuage tenantable against the said entry; and the said William and Markett ahall maintain al repairs, with hedging and ditching. during the said term. and shall leave the premises in repair, at the end thereof, by view of six persons of this present covenant. Witnesses: Robert Swane, John Balles, William Symund. Two seals. 1041. 1463 (3 Edw. IV). 20 June. Wykyngeston. Demise and delivery by Richard Neel. Robert Staunton, William Catte, clerk, and William Boteler del Ermytage, to John Wodde of Wykyngeston and Joan his wife, daughter and heir of John Luffe, late of the same, now deceased, of all those lands and tenements, etc., in Wykyngeston. Knyghton, anc elsewhere in co. Leycester, which the said Richard. Robert William, and William, lately had of the gift and feoffment of the said John Luffe, save only a messuage, a half virgate of land, a virgate of meadow, and a half virgate of pasture in Wykyngeston, in the tenure of Henry Eyryk. a messuage and certain lands, etc., in the same, in the tenure of John 

526 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Atkyn, and a cottage in the same, in the tenure
of George Weuer. To
hold of the chief lords, etc., to the said John Wodde and Joan, and the heirs of their bodies
lawfully begotten,
with remainder to the heirs and assigns of the same Joan. Witnesses: Richard Langham of Kylby,
gentilman;
John Waleys of Wykyngeston, gentilman; Thomas Mercer, William Palley. Henry Cok, of the
same. Three seals :
one gone. 1042. Same date. Wykyngeston. Letters of the same, appointing Thomas Mercer of
Wykyngeston
and William Palley of the same their attorneys to enter into the premises excepted in the above
grant, and
deliver seisin to Agnes who was the wife of John Luffe. Two seals : two gone. 1043. Same date.
Wykyngeston.
Letters of the same. appointing John Penne of Wykyngeston and Hugh Smyth of the same, their
attorneys
jointly and severally, to enter into lands, tenements, etc., in Wykyngeston, Knyghton, and
elsewhere in co.
Leycester Jetc., as in No. 1041) and to deliver seisin of the same to John Wodde of Wykyngeston
and Joan his
wife, daughter and heir of the said John Luffe, according to the force and form of the charter
made thereof by
the said grantors. Three seals : one gone. 1044. 1463 (3 Edw. IV). 21 June. Wykyngeston.
Delivery. demise, and
confirmation (indented) by Richard Neel, Robert Staunton, William Catte, clerk, and William
Boteler del
Ermytage, to Agnes who was the wife of John Luffe, late of Wykyngeston, now deceased, of a
messuage, half a
virgate of land, a virgate of meadow, and half a virgate of pasture in Wykyngeston, in the tenure
of Henry
Eyryk of the same, of a messuage and certain lands, meadows and pastures in the same, in the
tenure of John
Atkyn, and of a cottage in the same, in the tenure of George Weuer, which the said Richard,
Robert. William
and William lately had of the gift and feoffment of the said John Luffe. To hold of the chief
lords, etc., to the
said Agnes and her assigns for her whole life, without impeachment of waste, with remainder, 
WIGSTON after her decease, to John Wodde and Joan his wife, daughter and heir of the said
John Luffe, and to
the heirs of their bodies lawfully begotten, and, in default of such issue, to the heirs and assigns
of the same
Joan. Witnesses: Richard Langham of Kylby, gentilman; John Waleys of Wykyngeston,
gentilman; Thomas
Mercer, William Palley. Henry Coke. One seal : three gone. 10444. Counterpart of the same.
Three seals, one
gone. 1045. 1464 14 Edw. IV), 20 Dec. Indenture (English) between Richerd Randull of
Leicester, of the one
part, and William Clerke and Markett his wife, of the other, whereby the said Richerd grants and
leases to the
said William and Markett his capital messuage, with a croft on the E. side thereof called the
tenmentt, and a
croft called Malkeyn Randull croft, and a croft called Swettynges croft, and a toft called
Reddeleiz tofth, in
Wygiston, and 3 yardlands and a quarter land, and 7 acres of land, with meadow, pastures and
leazes, in the
fields of the same town, with all the commodities of old time to the said messuage pertaining or
belonging.
with all manner of 'sherdeynges within the said messuage; for the ingression whereof the said
William and
Markett have paid in hand 20s. of good and lawful money. To hold, with all the commodities,
etc., except chief
rents, to the said William and Markett, their heirs and assigns, from Michaelmas to the end and
term of 12
years next ensuing. rendering therefor yearly to the said Richard, his heirs or assigns, 40s. of
good and lawful
money of England at three terms there usual, and also 4s. to the lady Markett Effreyngam at the
said terms,
for the services done beforetime. The said Richerd promises to make the said messuage
tenantable against the
said entry; and the said William and Markett shall uphold all manner of repairs except laying of
slate and great
timbers, and shall leave the premises sufficiently reparelld' at the end of the said term. Power of
distraint to
the said Richard, if the said rent be in arrear a month after any of the said terms. Be me Richard
Randull. Two
seals. 
 528 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 1046. 1466 (6 Edw. IV), 14 June.
Wykyngeston. Release and quitclaim
by Henry Robson, esq., and Robert Ferneham, esq., to Agnes who was the wife of John Luffe,
late of
Wykyngeston, deceased, for the term of her life, and after her death to John Wodde and Joan his
wife,
daughter and heir of the said John Luffe, and to the heirs of their bodies lawfully begotten, with
remainder, in
default of such issue, to the heirs and assigns of the said Joan, of all their right in a messuage, 6
acres of land,
and 4 pastures, with meadows, etc., in the town and fields of Wykyngeston, which the said Henry
and Robert,
together with Thomas Eueryngham, esq., and William Presgraue, husbandman, deceased, lately
had of the gift
and feoffment of the said John Luffe. Witnesses: Richard Langham of Kylby, gentilman; John
Waleys of
Wykyngeston, gentilman; Thomas Mercer, William Palley, William Puell, of Wykyngeston. Two
seals. 1047.
1490-1 (6 Hen. VII), 1 Feb. Wykyngeston. Indenture of delivery and demise at farm by Elizabeth
Kent, widow, to
John Torvyle, esq., of a close or croft in Wykyngeston, now in the tenure of William Palley,
called Adam
Randells croft or Swetyngs, between the tenement of the said John Turvyle and the tenement late
of Ellen
Swetyng, and abutting upon the field opposite towards the east'. To have, etc., to John and his
assigns from St
Andrew last past (30 Nov. 1490] for the term of 31 years next following. by the yearly rent of a
red rose to
Elizabeth, her heirs and assigns, at Midsummer, if it be required. John has given to Elizabeth 26s.
8d. in ready
money to have entry. John or his assigns shall repair and maintain the said croft well and
sufficiently during the
said term, and shall demise it at the end of the same in good and sufficient repair. Witnesses:
John Waleys;
John Carter; William Kyng; John Whyte; William Ferys. Seal, red wax. 1048. 1493. 23 Sept.
[Monday before
Michaelmas, 9 Hen. VII.) Wygston. Indenture of covenant and bargain (English) See Nos. 1032,
etc. *Cf. No.
929, to which this deed is tied. 
WIGSTON between William Duxwell, esq., of Coton upon the Wold, co. Warwick', of the one
part, and
Elizabeth Kent, of Kerby', wedu', of the other. The said Elizabeth agrees that John Kent, her son
and heir
apparent, shall marry and take to his wife Marie Duxwell, daughter of the said William, the
marriage to be
solemnised at the said William's costs and charges. The said William agrees to give the said John
and Marie his
wife 20 marks of good and lawful money of England, and thereupon the said John Kent gave his
mother
Elizabeth 5 marks, and the said William gave her other 5 marks; for the which the said Elizabeth
covenants to
make a good and lawful estate to sir Thomas Pulteney, kt., Euererd Fyldyng. esq., and Nicholas
Osbern,
gentilman, of all her lands, etc., in the town and fields of Wigston, and to their heirs and assigns,
to the behoof
and use of the said John and Marie, and to the heirs of the said John for evermore. To hold of the
chief lord,
etc., to the said sir Thomas, Euererd and Nicholas, and their heirs, to the behoof and use
aforesaid. as in a
deed thereof made more plainly appeareth. Seal gone. 1049. Same date. Wigston. Grant and
confirmation by
Elizabeth Kent of Kerby, in her pure widowhood and lawful power, to sir Thomas Pulteney of
Misterton, kt.,
Euererd Fyldyng of Lutturworth, esq., and Nicholas Osbern of Lilburn, co. Northants, gentylman,
of all lands,
etc., in the town and fields of Wigston, both of her inheritance and of her purchase. To hold of
the chief lords,
etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Wales, John Carter, John White, William Kyng. of Wigston;
Robert Guyvver, of
Swynford. Seal. Endorsed : The wille of Elizabeth Kent within written is thus that hur feoffes
within namyd ar
infeffed to the vse & behofe of John Kent hur eldur son & to his heyres for evermore. 1050. 1501
(16 Hen. VII),
30 June. Wikengeston. Grant and confirmation by Joan Wode of Asston, co. Salop', relict of
John Wode of
Asston, deceased, daughter and heir of Coton. near Rugby. 2Kirby Muxloe. *Probably Aston, 6
miles E. of
Bridgnorth, in the parish of Claverley, to which the grantee in this transaction belonged. 
530 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS John Love, in her pure widowhood and lawful
power, to William
Bolewardyne of Clauerley, of all and sundry those her lands, tenements, etc., lying in
Wikyngeston, Knighton,
and elsewhere within co. Leycester, which she lately had of the gift and feoffment of Richard
Neell, Robert
Staunton, William Catte, clerk, and William Botelar of Ermytage, as in a chaiter of feoffment
made thereof is
more fully contained'. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Robert Gateacre,
esq.; Humfre
Gateacre, his brother; John Barker, William Eyricke, William Kynge. Seal. Endorsed: nota for
the moity
conveyance of thys dede. 1051. Same date. Wikyngeston. Letters of attorney of John Wode of
Asston, co.
Salop, relict (etc. as in No. 1050), empowering Thomas Pim of Seisdon, co. Stafford', to enter
and deliver seisin
of the premises las in No. 1050) to William Bolewardyne. 1052. 1503 [19 Hen. VII), 1 Dec.
Indenture (English) of
bargain and sale by Elizabeth Kent, widow, daughter and heir of Richard Randolf, to Katrine,
lady Hastynges, of
a messuage and 2 yards of land, lying in the town and fields of Burton Nouerey, and of a
messuage with certain
lands, etc., in the town and fields of Wiggeston, now in the holding of John Coke and Thomas
Vaune . To hold
to the said Katrine and such persons as she will name, their heirs and assigns, for ever. Of which
premises the
said Elizabeth granteth to make or cause to be made a sufficient and lawful estate to the said
Katrine, or to her
said nominees, by deed, fine, release, recovery, or otherwise, before the feast of the Purification
of our Lady
next coming. The said Elizabeth also grants that the premises shall be quit and discharged of all
incumbrances
save rents due to the chief lord of the fee. Muniments, etc., shall be delivered before the said
date. The said
Katrine grants payment of ú16 13s. 4d., of which ú12 7s. 4d. has been paid aforehand, and ú4 6s.
Od. on the
day of the making of these presents. Seal gone. See Nos. 1041, 1042. *Seisdon, in the parish of
Trysull, co.
Staff., lies close to the Shropshire border, N.E. of Aston and Claverley. See No. 1012. 
WIGSTON 1053. 1503-4 [19 Hen. VII), 6 March. Grant and confirmation by Elizabeth Kent,
widow, in her pure
widowhood, to Thomas Entwysell, sen., esq., Edward Danet, esq., Roger Wiggeston, esq., John
Dauers, esq.,
Thomas Hasilryg, esq., Thomas Entwisell, jun., Robert Hasilryg, Richard Langham, John Syde,
clerk, William
Kent, clerk, Ralph Kent. chaplain, and Thomas Kent, of all the messuages, lands, etc., in
Wykyngeston, which
were sometime of Richard Randolf, father of the said Elizabeth. To hold of the chief lords, etc.,
to fulfil
therefrom the last will of the said Elizabeth. The said Elizabeth has delivered seisin of the
premises in her
proper person. Seal. Endorsed : Peaceful seisin delivered in the presence of these witnesses: John
Kentt,
William Walles, gent., Robert Paulley, William Paulley, William Smyth, Henry Eyryk, Robert
Ferres, William
Mereman, Robert Wyhett, John Shaylor, Roger Langton. 1054. Same date. Release and quitclaim
by John Kent
of Keerby to Thomas Kent, his brother, of all his right in all the lands, tenements, etc., situate and
lying in the
town and fields of Wykyngeston, which were of late of Elizabeth Kent, mother of the said John.
Signed: per me
John Kent. Seal. 1055. 1508 (24 Hen. VII). 4 Nov. Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by
Elizabeth Kent,
widow, late the wife of Richard Kent, late of Kereby, to Thomas Kent, her son, of all her lands,
tenements,
hereditaments, etc., in the town and fields of Wykyngeston. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the
said Thomas
and his heirs for ever. Warranty. Power of attorney to Richard Langham of Kylby, gentleman,
and Richard
Smyth of Thurleston, yoman, to enter the premises and take and deliver seisin thereof to the said
Thomas and
heirs. Witnesses: William Turvyle of Newhall, esq.; Thomas Hessylrygge of Nowesley, esq.;
William Assheby of
Lowesby, esq. Signed: per me E. Kent. 
532 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses of delivery of seisin (on schedule):
Robert Frere, William
Eyryk, John White, John Meryman, William Meryman, William Palley, John Palley, William
Smyth, of
Wykyngeston. Seal. 1056. 1508 (24 Hen. VIIJ, 8 Nov. Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by
Thomas Kent,
son of Elizabeth Kent, widow, late the wife of Richard Kent, late of Kereby, to the said
Elizabeth, his mother, of
all those lands, tenements, hereditaments, etc., in the town and fields of Wykyngeston. which he
lately had of
the gift, grant and confirmation of the said Elizabeth. To hold of the chief lords for the term of
her life.
Warranty. Witnesses: William Turvyle of Newhall, esq.; Thomas Hessylrygge of Nowesley, esq.;
William
Assheby of Lowesby, esq. Seal. 1057. 1509 [1 Hen. VIII), 12 Nov. Letters patent of Elizabeth
Kent, widow.
Whereas by her charter, bearing date 4 Nov. 1508 (24 Hen. VII)', the said Elizabeth gave,
granted and
confirmed to Thomas Kent, her son, all her lands, tenements, hereditaments, etc., in the town and
fields of
Wykyngeston, to hold to the said Thomas, his heirs and assigns, for ever, as in the said deed
more fully
appeareth; the which Thomas, being seised of the premises in his demesne as of fee, by virtue of
the gift and
grant aforesaid, by his charter, bearing date 6 Nov. in the said year, delivered and demised to the
said
Elizabeth all the lands, etc., aforesaid, to hold for the term of her life, as in the deed more fully
appeareth', by
virtue whereof she is now seised of the premises in her demesne as of a free tenement, with
reversion thereof
to her said son appertaining: none the less, for the gratuitous friendly favour and intimate love
that she bears
to the said Thomas, and to the intent that neither the said land and tenements nor any parcel
thereof, by any
means or pretext, shall come to John, her first-born son and heir apparent, after her decease, the
said
Elizabeth grants by these presents and surrenders all the estate, etc., which she No. 1055. ØNo.
1056 (8 Nov.). 
WIGSTON 533 has in the premises, to hold to her said son Thomas, his heirs and assigns, for
ever, to the use of
him, his heirs and assigns. Seal. 1058. 1509 [ Hen. VIII), 16 November. Indenture (English) of
demise and lease
to farm by Thomas Kent to Elizabeth his mother, of all such lands, tenements, and other
hereditaments in
Wygkyngeston, which late he had of the gift and feoffment of the said Elizabeth. for 60 years,
yielding therefor
yearly a rose flower at the Nativity of St John Baptist. if it be asked. In case of the decease of
Elizabeth within
the said term, it shall be void. Seals gone : one cut away. Endorsed with particulars of tenants and
rents, which.
except for two or three names, are illegible. 1059. 1509 [1 Hen. VIII). 30 Nov. Release and
quitclaim by
Elizabeth Kent. widow, in her pure widowhood, for herself and her heirs, to Thomas Kent, her
younger son,
being in his full and peaceful possession, of all her right, estate, title, claim, interest and demand
of and in all
those lands, tenements and other hereditaments, meadows, grazings and pastures, rents,
reversions and
services in Wygkyngeston, which were of late of Elizabeth or of Richard Randolfe her father.
Warranty.
Fragment of seal, red wax. 1060. 1511. 5 August. Will of Elizabeth Kent. In Dei nomine, Amen.
The vi day of
August the yere of our Lorde god mlcccec and xj. I Elizabeth Kent widowe, late the wyf of
Richard Kent late of
Kereby, the perell of deth gretely dredynge make and ordeyn this my present testament and last
Will in maner
and fourme folowinge. First Ibequeth my soule to almighty god and to our blissed Lady virgyn
mary and to all
saintes, And my body to be buried in the Churche of Glenfelde afore the Rode by the Tombe of
the said
Richard my late husbond, And for my principall as the lawe and custume there woll. And I
bequeth to the
Werkes of the said Churche xld. of money and a Torche for my lyinge in the same. And I bequeth
to the werkes
of the Chapell of sainte Bartholmewe in Kereby xld. in money and a Torche. And I bequeth to
Anne Hudson and
Margaret 

534 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Catour my doughters all suche goodes as they nowe haue of myn in their own handes. And I bequethe to Elizabeth my doughter vis. viijd. in money. And I will and bequeth to Thomas Kent my sonne all my landes and tenementes in Wykyngeston accordinge to the feoffement that I haue made vnto him of the same. And all my goodes vnbequethed geve and bequethe to my said sonne Thomas Kent and the same Thomas I make and ordeyn myn executour of this my last wille and testament. And that he dispoase and doo for the helth of my sowle as him thinketh most best. These witnesse, Richard Langham of Kylbye gentilman, Thomas Greves of Kereby. William Wales of Wykyngston. Robert Wattes of the same Towne and other. Schedule, 1513, 20 Oct. Lamehith. Letters patent of William, archbishop of Canterbury, granting administration, after proof of will, to the executor named therein. Signed: T. Peert'. Fragment of seal of archbishop Warham: Martyrdom of St Thomas in niche. with shield of see of Canterbury impaling Warham (a fess, in chief a goat's head erased, in base three scallops). Legend (SICILVMWULMI WARHAM DEI GIRATI (CANTVAR. ARCHIEPI). 1061. 1514 (6 Hen. VIII). Indenture (English) of bargain and sale by Thomas Kent, late of Kerby, gentilman. to William Wigston the younger of Leycestre, merchant of the staple of Calais, of three messuages in Wigston and a croft with the tenements, and another croft called Morwde Randylls Crofte, and a croft called Redlys Crofte. with another croft called Swetynggs. and four yards lands arable in the fields of the same to the said messuages and crofts pertaining, and also of 194d. of chief renta yearly to be taken within the same town of Wigston, viz. of the tenement o William Symon. 18d., of the tenement of William Frem d and of the tenement late of William Gower a farthing Estate to be made and title deeds delivered before the feast of All Hallowa next. The said grantee undertakes to pay f37. viz. £17 at the sealing of these presents, and £.20 at All Hallows. The grantor binde himself in &40 to due performance. Signed: per me Thome Kent. Seal. 
WICSTON 1062. 1514 (6 Hen. VIII). 14 Sept. Grant by Thomas Kent. late of Kerby, gentilman, to William Wigston of Leycestre the younger, merchant of the staple of Calais. master Thomas Wigston, canon of the Newarke, Leycestre. and William Fysshar, chaplain, of all his messuages, lands, tenements, etc., in Wikingeston, which he of late had of the gift and feoffment of Elizabeth Kent. widow. daughter of Richard Randolf. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. The said Thomas has delivered seisin to the said William. Thomas and William in his own proper person. Signed: per me Thom' Kent. Seal. Endorsed with names of witnesses to delivery of seisin: William Walles. gent., William Astell, Robert Polleton. John Watts. William Polleton (2), Robert Paullet. 1063. Same date. Bond by Thomas Kent of Stondon, co. Hartford', gentilman, to William Wigston of Leycestre, jun.. merchant of the staple of Calais. in &40. payable at the feast of All Saints. Condition (endorsed): the fulfilment of the terma of a pair of indentures, of and for certain lands and tenements in Wygston, of the above date. 1064. Same date. Bond by the said William to the said Thomas in £.20, payable at the feast of All Saints. per me William Wygston, jun. Endorsed (1) Paid by my brodur Roger Wygston by aquytauns of Thomas Kentóx li. (2) Item paid of thy (sic) oblygacion the xvth daye of February by me Roger Gyllottóvi li. (3) Item the laste daye of July anno xve xvj paid to Thomas Kentóiiij li. N.B. (1) and (3) are in the handwriting of William Wigston. Seal. 1065. 1514-5 (6 Hen. VIII), 19 Jan. Leycestre. Letters patent of Thomas Burton. mayor of Leycestre. Robert Orton. Standon, 8 miles N.E. of Hertford. 


536 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS bailly, Richard Gyllott, Richard Reynold, John
Wayzs. Walter May, and
Richard Eyre, comburgesses, testifying and recording that sir William Reede, vicar perpetual of
Wygeston, John
Tanfeld, gentilman, William Paulley, Henry Paulley, William Smyth, William Catton, William
Astell. Thomas
Leed, Thomas Wraske, Thomas Mylner, Robert Peilton, William Mereman, John Paulley, Roger
Langton. Robert
Whytt, Richard Eyryk, and Henry Eyryk, of Wygeston, men of good credence and reputation,
have taken bodily
oath upon the holy Euangelist (sic) of God. that Elizabeth Kent delivered full and peaceable
possession and
seisin to Thomas her son, to the use and behoof of him, his heirs and assigna, for ever, of and in a
capital
messuage, 4 yards of land, with tofts and crofts to the same messuage belonging, set and lying
within the town
and fields of Wygeston, within the precinct of the duchy of Lancastre; the which has been and is
holden by
service of the heirs of sir Hugh Champion, as mesne tenant of the said duchy. And that John, son
of the said
Elizabeth, never hold possession or seisin, nor any other person or persons to his use, of or in the
said capital
messuage with other the premises, or in any parcel thereof. And all such rents and services as
have been
accustomed to the lord Bealmount beforetime have been taken of a messuage and a half yardland
of Richard
Randell's. lying within the precinct of Wynchestre fee called Chaunters lond. Seal of the
mayoralty of Leicester.
1066. (1515, 25 Sept.] To all xpon peple to whom this present Wrytyng Testimanuell shall come
to be redde
harde or seyn Wee Thomas Burton Meir of the Town of leycestr' Raff Swyllyngton Recordar of
the same Town
Thomas Cotton And Walter Mey Comburgezes of the same sendon dewe reuerence in our lord
god euer
lastyng for asmoche as it is meritorius and medfull to euery xpon man to testifie the trough in
euery matter to
many dowtfull Wee therfore before named certifie and by this our testimanuell testifie that
William Smyth of
Wygeston in the Countie of leycestr' husbondman William Paulley Henry Eryke William
Mereman Richard
Eryke Richard Wattes and Richard Paulley of the same town husbondmen with dyuerse othur of
the same
town came before vs at leycestr' foresaid the dey of makeyng herof and their vnconstrened or
coacted by eny
persone but by their 
WIGSTON one meremocon deposed vppon a boke that Elsabeth Kentt in hur free wedowehod
yaff lawfull
possession and season of and in all hir londis and tenementis with all their appurtenauncis the
which she
hadde in Wygeston aforeseid vnto Thomas Kentt his yonger son by hur dede to haue to hym and
to his assigns
for euer and then aftur the seid pocession and season so yevon and hadde John Kentt hir elder
son beyng their
present relesed by his dede of relese vnto the seid Thomas and put to the same hys seale and syne
manuell
and delyuered hit vnto hym as his dede the seid deponentis stondyng by The which dedes were
made and
wrytton or thei came their And thuse the same deponentis ben well reymembred of for thei hadde
poyntes
yeffon them by the seid Thomas at the seid possession takeyng and the dedes sealeyng in maner
and forme
aboue spesified And moreouer thei sey vppon their seid othes that John Turveill esquier now
decessed at that
tyme sent commaundement to all his tenauntis of Wygeston that thei shulde be at the delyuere of
possession
and season aforeseid and so thei were accordyng to his commaundement And thuse Wee
beforenamed
Thomas Burton Raff Swyllyngton Thomas Cotton and Walter Mey woll testifie by this our
testimanuell where
soeuer the matter shall be examyned that thies seid deponentis haue thuse deposed before vs In
wytnes
wherof to this our present wrytyng wee haue putto our Seales And by cause our seales ben to
many vnknown
and also for the more credence to be yeffon to the premisses 1 the seid meir to thuse our wrytyng
haue putto
the seale of office of meraltie of the Towne of leycestr yeffon their the xxvih Dey of Septembr' in
the vijt yere
of the reygn of Kyng Henry the viijth Four seals, red wax, on two attachments : (1) a fragment;
(2) in oval; (3)
mayor s seal; (4) fleur-de-lys in circle. 1067. 1516 (8 Hen. VIII), 26 Sept. Grant by William
Bulwardyne of the
parish of Clareley', co. Salop. to William Wigston the younger, merchant of the staple of Calais,
master Thomas
Wigston and William Fysshar, clerks, of Leycestre, of a messuage and a cottage in Wygston, and
a virgate and a
half of arable land and two virgates of meadow in the fields of Wigston, with all and sundry their
appurtenances in the towns and fields of Wygston and Knyghton". To hold of the Claverley. *See
Nos. 1050,
1051. 
538 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS chief lords, etc. Warranty. The said Thomas has
delivered seisin to
the said William, Thomas and William in his own proper person. Seal gone. Endorsed with
names of witnesses
of delivery of seisin: Henry Eyrek, Richard Eyrek, Robert Ferres, Richard Watten, Robert Farn
Richard Gamull,
John Hellesw 1068. Same date. Indenture of bargain and sale by William Bulwardyne of the
parish of Clareley
in the county of Shropshire, to William Wigston of Leycestre, merchant of the staple of Calis, of
a mease and
cottage in Wigston, and a yard land and a half arable, and two yard lands of meadow in the fields
of the same,
with all other their appurtenances in Wigston and Knyghton. The premises shall be discharged of
all
encumbrances from the present date, except rents and services due and accustomed, and the
present
possessors shall be seised and possessed of the same to the only use and behoof of the said
William Wigston,
his heirs and assigns. Estate to be made at the costs and charges of the said William Wigston.
Evidences to be
delivered before the feast of the Purification next. William Wigston will pay ú24 viz. ú12 in
hand, and the
remaining ú12 before the feast aforesaid, for which he stands bound in 20 marks sterling. And
William
Bulwardyne is bound in forty marks sterling for the good and true performing of all covenants
and agreements.
Seal (broken). 1069. Same date. Bond by William Bulwardyne of the parish of Clarely, co. Salop,
gentilman, to
William Wygston of Leycestre the younger, merchant of the staple of Calais, in 40 marks
sterling, payable at
Christmas. Seal : simple queue. Condition (endorsed): the performance of the terms of a pair of
indentures
made of and for the sale of a messuage, a cottage and certain land and meadow in the town and
fields of
Wykyngeston. 1070. 1517-8 [9 Hen. VIII), 4 Jan. Release and quitclaim by John Kent, yoman,
late the serjeant of
William Turvile 
WIGSTON of Newhall, esq., and brother of Thomas Kent, late of Kerby, gentilman, to William
Wigston of
Leycester the younger. merchant of the staple of Calais, master Thomas Wigston, canon of the
Newarke,
Leycestre, and William Fysshar, chaplain, of all their right in all those messuages, lands,
tenements, etc., which
the said Thomas Kent of late had of the gift and feoffment of Elizabeth Kent, widow, as by
charter appeareth'.
Warranty. Signed: per me Joannem Kent. Seal : single queue. 1071. 1521 (13 Hen. VIII), 4
August. Grant by
William Wygston of Leycestre the younger, merchant of the staple of Calais, to master Thomas
Wygston, Roger
Wygston, master William Gyllott, Richard Reynold, Robert Harwar, Thomas Newton, Roger
Gyllott, Ranulph
Wood. John Westys. Edward Bere, Nicholas Reynold, and Thomas Hyend, of all manors,
messuages, lands,
tenements, etc., which the said grantor has, or others have to his use, in the town and fields of
Wygston. To
hold, etc. for ever, to the use of William Fysshar, clerk, master or warden of the hospital of
William Wygston,
and John Thorp. clerk, his confrater, and the poor in the same and their successors, for the term
of sixty years,
with reversion to the use of the said grantor, of the chief lords, etc. Signed: per me William
Wygston Juniorem
manu propria. Seal. Endorsed : Thes wer present when possession was gyffyn to the
withinnameyd feoffors :
Sir Richard Walche preste, William Gybson, Richard Eyryk, Stephen Smyth, Thomas Burgys.
William Wylson,
with diuerse oder. (2) Carta de Wygston de totis tenementis facta certis feoffatoribus. 1072. Same
date.
Leicester. Grant by William Wigston of Leicester the younger, merchant of the staple of the town
of Calais, to
Thomas Wigston, clerk, William Gyllot, clerk. Richard Reynolde, Robert Harwar, Thomas
Newton, Roger See
No. 1057. 
540 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Gyllot. Randulph Wood, John Westes, Edward
Beyre, Nicholas
Reynolde, and Thomas Hynde, of all messuages, lands, tenements, etc., which he has in the town
and fields of
Wigston, and of late had of the gift and feoffment of Thomas Kent of Kerbie, gent'. Also of a
messuage, a
cottage, a virgate and a half of arable land, and two virgates of meadow in the towns and fields of
Wigston and
Knyghton, which the said William Wigston had of William Bulwardyne of the parish of Clareley,
co. Salop. gent'.
To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the use of the said William Wigston, and for the fulfilment of
his last will.
Warranty. Appointment of Richard Fynye and Thomas Dawkyns as attorneys to take and deliver
seisin of the
premises. Per me William Wygston Juniorem leycestrie manu propria. Seal gone. 1073. Same
date. Letters of
the same, appointing Thomas Dawkyns his attorney for the same purpose. Per me William
Wygston. Seal
(signet with Wigston's arms). 1074. 1523 [15 Hen. VIII), 4 Oct. Release and quitclaim by
Thomas Wigston, clerk,
William Gillot, clerk, and William Fyshar, clerk, to Roger Wigston, esq., Richard Reynold.
Robert Harwar,
Edward Beyr, John Westas, Roger Gyllott. Nicholas Reynold, Ranulph Wood, Thomas Lynde
and Robert Davye,
of all their right in all the manors, messuages. lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of
Wigston. which
the said grantors of late had, together with William Wigston the younger, in feoffment. Three
seals. 1075.
1543. 8 December. Release and quitclaim by John Love of Barrow upon Soar, co. Leycester,
yoman, to William
Eyryck of Wygston, of all and all manner of actions, real and personal. Piece of seal. See No.
1061. 2See Nos.
1067-1069. 
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL XVII. WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL. 1076. N.d. Grant and
confirmation by Ralph son
of Robert of Wicham, with the counsel and assent of Alice his wife, to Geoffrey the chaplain of
Kaldewell, of all
his right in the territory of Kaldewell and Wicham as touching the moiety of a bovate of land
which came to
him and to his share of his patrimony. To hold of the said Ralph and his heirs, freely, etc., and of
the king or his
attorneys, saving the services of the same king. The said Geoffrey has given 228. Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert
son of Henry, Henry his son, Richard son of Henry, Robert Com , Reginald his son, Richard of
Leicester, Randulf
son of Richard son of Suen. Seal (in cloth). 1077. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Robert, son of
Henry of
Caldewell, to Hugh, son of Hugh le Hopere, and his heirs, of a toft with buildings in Wicham, to
wit, the toft
which Hugh his father sometime held of the said Robert in the same town; and 23 selions with
holms in the
south field of Caldewell; and 22 selions with holms in the north field of the same town; and two
roods of
meadow which lie at le Loetrawes next the meadow of William son of Gilbert. Of the 23 selions
in the south
field, three lie at le Dikesende, two to wit next the land of Geoffrey Achard, and one next the
land which was
of William Careles; two upon Huncerhil, next the land which was of Robert son of Ernald; one
elsewhere upon
Huncerhil, next the land of Richard King; one elsewhere upon Huncerhil, next the land which
was of Alexander
of Caldewell; one upon Huncerhil, next the land of Geoffrey the chaplain; one at Heydale, next
the land of the
church; one extends to the bounds of Ringolphorp and lies next the land of John the clerk; two at
le
Sowelebrodehevedes, next the land of Ranulf son of Richard; two at le Hopinc, next the land of
William son of
Gilbert; one in Lambecotes, next the land of the church; one in Lambecotes, next the land of
Richard King; four
at le Redehou, next the land of Ranulf son of Richard; one at le Stonforde, next the land of
Richard King; one at
the mill of Wicham, next the land of John the clerk; and one extends into the syke of Wicham
and lies next the
land of Richard son of Ernald. And of the 22 selions in the north field : one lies upon le
Scorteholim, next the
land of William son of Gilbert; one upon le Longeholim, next the 

542 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS land of the church; one elsewhere upon le Longeholim, next the land which was of Alexander of Caldewell; one within le Trauecroftes, next the land of Ranulf son of Richard; one upon le Fuleholim, next the land of Richard King: three upon Hauereholim; one at the well of Wicham, next the land of William son of Gilbert; one upon Kilnewellehil, next the land of William son of Gilbert; one between the ways, next the land which was of Alexander of Caldewell; one elsewhere between the ways, next the land of William son of Gilbert; one between the ways, next the bounds of Gouteby; one at le Wadh, next the land of William son of Gilbert; one upon le Clif, to wit. next the bounds of Gouteby; two upon le Clif, next the land which was of William Kareles; half a selion upon le Clif, next the land which was of Alexander of Caldewell; one upon le Clif at le Gategreyues, next the land of William son of Gilbert; one upon le Scortefurlonges, next the land of the church; one at le Lesegore, next the land of William son of Gilbert; and one upon le Flatelandes, next the land of William son of Gilbert. To hold freely, etc., rendering therefor yearly to the said Robert and his heirs a mark of silver at two terma of the year, to wit, at the Annunciation of B.M. half a mark, and half a mark at the Nativity of B.M. Warranty. Witnesses: brother Alexander Blundus, preceptor of Role'; William of Role the serjeant; John son of Gilbert. Richard son of Ernald, Geoffrey son of Achard. Thomas son of Beatrice, of Caldewell; Reginald son of Robert. Geoffrey the clerk. William his brother. William son of Gilbert. William son of Richard, Ranulf son of Richard, of Wicham. Seal gone. 1078. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Robert Eleyne of Wikam to Robert son of Cecily of Wickam. of half an acre of arable land with the holm in the field of Caldewelle and Wicham, which lies upon Longetharm, next the land of William Campiun. To hold of the said grantor and his heirs. rendering yearly a halfpenny at the Nativity of B. V. M. for all aecular service, etc. Narranty. Witnesses: Ralph son of Cristian, Ralph Arreby, Henty son of Walter, Gilbert son of John, of Caldewelle; Hugh le Seal gone. Coadby Marwood. *Rothloy. 
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 1079. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Robert son of Elen of Wycam, to Robert son of Cecily King of Wycam. of a selion lying in the north field of Wycam and Caldewell at Senedalebalk, next the land of Reginald King on S. To hold the said selion of three roods of the said grantor and his heirs for three silver halfpennies payable every other year, when the anid selion happens to be sown, at two terms of the year, to wit, three farthings at the Annunciation of B.M., and three farthings at her Nativity for all secular service, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Ralph son of Christian, Ralph Arreby, Henry son of Walter. of Caldewell: Thomas Diue, Hugh Erl. John son of William, of Wicam. 1080. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Gilbert son of John the clerk of Caldewelle to Emma daughter of Thomas son of Robert, of a messuage in Wykam which was sometime the messuage of Geoffrey Demyld. To hold of the chief lorda, etc., rendering to the said Gilbert and his heirs a penny at the Nativity of B.M., for all secular service, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Ralph son of Cristian. Ralph Arreby, of Caldewelle; Hugh le Erl, Thomas son of Roger, of Wickam; Philip son of Robert of Caldewelle. Fragment of seal. 1081. N.d. Grant by Robert son of Richard of Calde well, with the consent of Margery his wife, to William son of Andrew of Waltam', of a selion of arable land in the field of Caldewell in a tillage (cultura) towards Wystonbrigge, and lying next the land of John of Okam on one side and that of Philip on the other. To hold, etc., of the grantor and his heirs for ever, rendering therefor every year when it shall happen to be sown a silver halfpenny, viz., at the feast of the Annunciation a farthing, and at the Nativity of St Mary a farthing. Warranty. Witnesses: Ralph son of Christian of Caldewell; Ralph Arreby. John of Okam. Peter son of Thomas. William son of Bota, of Caldewell. 1082. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Peter son of John the clerk of Caldewell to John son of William of Wycam and Alice his wife, of 34 acres of arable land with the holme lying Waltham-on-the-Wolds. 

544 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS in the fields of Caldewell and Wycam; whereof
one rood abuts upon
the gable of the mill of Wycam and lies next the land of Gilbert Opper on S.; and half an acre lies
upon
Scaldeforthemere, next the land of Gilbert son of John on N.; and half an acre at le Redhou
which was
sometime of John the clerk, and a rood upon Hungerhil, next the land of Simon son of Geoffrey
on W.; and a
rood and a half at Ringilthorp mere, next the land of Thomas son of Geoffrey and the bound; and
three roods
lie upon le Clif, next the land of Reginald Legat on N.; and a rood and a half lies upon
Hauerholm, next the land
of Walter son of Bota on E., and half an acre lies upon le Longeholm next the bound on W. To
hold to the said
John and Alice and the heirs of the same issuing or their assigns of the said grantor and his heirs
for 34d. silver
payable at two terms of the year, viz. at the Annunciation of B.M. 12d. and at the Nativity of
B.M. lid. for all
secular service, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Peter son of Bota, Walter his brother, Peter son of
Thomas, Robert
Achard, of Caldewell; Thomas Diue, Hugh le Erl, of Wycam. Seal. 1083. 1271, 23 May JEve of
Pentecost, 55 Hen.
III). Caldewell. Grant by Peter of Caldewell, son of John the clerk of the same, with quitclaim, to
Gilbert the
clerk his brother, of an acre of land lying in the territory of Caldewell and Wycam, and of his
whole share, and
of all the right and claim which appertains to him in the mill of Wycam. Of the which acre half
an acre lies
between the ways, next the land of Gilbert Franceys on S., and the other half acre lies upon
Kerisholm, next
that of John son of John the clerk on N. hold of the said grantor freely, etc., rendering therefor
yearly a
peppercorn at Easter for all worldly service, etc. Warranty Witnesses: Geoffrey the clerk of
Wycam, Hugh Earl
(comite) of the same, Reynald Kinc, Geoffrey his brother, Ralph son of Robert of Caldewell,
Ralph son of Ranulf
of the same, Henry son of Walter Arreby his brother, Geoffrey Achard, Walter son of Luke,
Robert son of
Richard of the same. Seal broken. 
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 545 1084. 1271. 15 July [Wed. bejore St Margaret the Virgin,
55 Hen. III). At Role in
full court. Remittance and quitclaim by Gilbert Franceys of Wykam to Gilbert of Caldewell,
clerk, of all his right
within (the) town Jof Caldewell) and without regarding the tenement which John the clerk of
Caldewell
sometime held, to wit, both in the tenement which the said John had of Thomas and Geoffrey his
brothers,
and that of Maud of Waltam his sister. To hold of the said grantor and his heirs freely, etc., with
all its
appurtenances within the town of Caldewell and without to the said tenement contingent. For this
remittance
and quit-claim the said Gilbert the clerk has given half a mark of silver in hand. Witnesses:
brother William of
Colewell, preceptor of Role, William Knot, Ralph Franceys of Saxeby, Roger of Warknateby',
Walter the clerk of
the same, Geoffrey the clerk of Wycam, Hugh Earl (Com'), John son of William. Robert his
brother, Reginald
Kinc, Ralph son of Robert of Caldewell, Ralph son of Ranulf Arreby of the same, Walter son of
Bota, Geoffrey
Achard. 1085. 1281-2. 22 March [Sunday bejore Annunciation B.M. 10 Edw. 1.] Wicham. Grant
and
confirmation by Ralph son of Thomas of Wicham to Simon Hauberck of Scaldeford', of four
acres of land and
an acre of meadow in Caldewelle and Wicham; whereof one selion, containing 24 roods, lies in
til
Caldewellebrock, next le Balke and the land sometime of John of Ocham; half an acre lies in til
the
Grougemere, between the land of the said Simon; another half acre in til Grougemere, next le
Balke; a rood
upon Hungerhil, next the land of the said Simon; half an acre at the cross of Caldewelle, next the
land of the
said Simon; a rood and a half in til Hounstikebrese, next the land of John Godyer; half an acre
upon
Hounstikebrese, next the land of John of Ocham; half an acre upon le Clif, next the land of the
said Simon; a
rood and four feet under le Tounwelle, next the land of Etl'e; half an acre of meadow containing
four swathes,
lying en le More, next the meadow of Thomas le Houe; three and a half swathes, next the
meadow of John of
Ocham at le Lowetraues; four swathes in til Crayerresike, next the meadow of Thomas son of
Thomas, abutting
upon the frush (friscum) of the said Simon. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty. Rothley.
2Wartnaby.
*Scalford. 
546 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: John son of John of Ocham, Adam
son of Ralph, Adam
Joie, Gilbert Achard, of Caldewelle; Thomas son of Thomas, of Wicham. Seal gone. Endorsed :
Cart. Rad. fil.
Thom. 1086. 1282. 15 April (Wed. after St Guthlac, 10 Edw. 1.) Wicham. Grant and
confirmation by Adam son
of Gilbert son of Bota of Caldewell to Simon Hauberc of Schaldeford, of an acre and a rood of
land in the fields
of Caldewell and Wicham; whereof 24 roods lie upon Hosendalehil, between the land of the said
Simon and
that sometime of Reginald Legat, a rood at Wystonbrigge, next the land of the said Simon; a rood
and a half
until the Heyning, next the land sometime of Robert Achard. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: John of Ocham in Caldewell; John son of Milla, Adam son of Ralph, of the same;
John son of Agnes,
Thomas son of Thomas, of Wicham. Seal gone. Endorsed : Cart. Ad. fil. Gilbt. fil. Bote. 1087.
1282, 14 June [Sun.
after St Barnabas, 10 Edw. 1.) Wicham. Grant and confirmation by John son of Walter son of
Bota and Emma
his wife to Simon Hauberck of Scaldeford, of an acre and a half and half a rood of land in the
fields of Wicham
and Caldewelle; whereof half an acre abuts in til Osindale and upon the capital selion of the said
Simon, and
lies between the land of John of Ocham and that of John son of Hugh le Herle; a rood lies upon
Chouelbrode,
next the land of the said Simon; a rood upon Folwelle, next the land of John alle Wellehous; a
rood at the head
of the town of Wicham, abutting upon the croft of Ralph son of Ranulph, between the lands of
the church on
either side; and a rood next Scaldefordmere, abutting in til Wicham Sike. To hold of the chief
lord, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses : William of Kendale, Thomas son of Thomas, John alle Wellehous, Ralph
son of Ranulph,
William Nalle, of Wicham. One seal, pointed oval. 
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 1088. 1282. 3 July (Friday after St Peter and St Paul, 10 Edw.
I.] Wicham. Grant by
Robert Dolfyn of Melton to Simon Hauberc of Schaldeford, of four acres of arable land in the
fields of Wicham
and Caldewell, which the said Robert had of the feoffment of John son of Richard of Asscheby
and Edmund his
brother. Also of five roods of land lying in the said fields between the ways, to wit, between the
land of Ralph
son of Thomas and that of Thomas son of Thomas. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty
Witnesses: William
of Kendale in Wicham; Thomas son of Thomas, Ralph son of Thomas, John alle Wellehus, of
Wicham. John of
Ocham in Caldewell, Adam Joye of the aatne. Seal gone. 1089. N.d. Grant and confirmation by
Gilbert Achard
of Caldewell to Simon Hauberc, of an acre of land in the fields of Caldewell and Wicham. viz.
half an acre upon
le Holm, between the land of Adam son of Robert and that of William the smith (Faber); and the
other half at
the high cross. between the land of Ralph son of Thomas and that of William the smith. To hold
of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William of Kendale, Thomas son of Thomas, John al Wellehus,
of Wicham;
John son of Milla, Adam Joye, of Caldewell. Seal gone. Endorsed: Gilberti Achard. 1090. N.d.
Grant and
confirmation by Ralph Arreby of Caldewell to Simon Hauberc of Scaldeford and Mary his wife.
of two acres and
half a rood of land with the holms in the fields of Wicham and Caldeuell, whereof a rood and a
half lie together
upon le Holucoumbe, between the boundary and the land of John at the Welle hus; half an acre
lies upon le
Clyf, between the boundary and the land of John son of Robert; half an acre lies at
Osindaleheuid, next the
land of the said Ralph and that sometime of Peter at the Wellehus; half an acre lies at the cross of
Wicham,
next the land of the said Simon Hauberc. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. 
548 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: Philip son of Ralph, John of
Hocham, Thomas son of
Roger, Thomas Diwe, Thomas son of Thomas the clerk, of Caldewell. Seal gone. 1091. N.d.
Grant and
confirmation by Adam son of Gilbert son of Bota of Caldewell to Simon Hauberk, of a rood of
land with the
reversion of the whole tenement which William of Stounesby and Eva his wife hold of the said
Adam in dower,
of the dowry of the said Eva, in the town and fields of Caldewell and Wicham. And the said rood
lies at
Wystonbrigge, next the land of the said Simon. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William of
Kendale in Wicham; Thomas son of Thomas, John at Wellehus, Ralph son of Thomas, of
Wicham; John of
Ocham, of Caldewell. Seal gone. Endorsed : Carta Ad. fil. Gilberti fil. Bote. 1092. N.d. Grant
and confirmation by
John son of Walter Bote and Emma his wife to Simon Hauberk of Scaldeford, of an acre of land
and half an acre
of meadow in the fields of Wicam and Caldewel, viz. a rood and a half lying upon Haurholm,
next the land of
the said Simon; a rood and a half under the croft of Thomas de Diuo, next le Balcke; a rood at le
Swelupitte,
next le Balke; and half an acre of meadow in le moor, abutting upon the mill stank of Wycham
next the
meadow of Ralph Mareward. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William of
Kendale, Thomas
son of Thomas. John a le Welhouse, Ralph son of Ranulf, of Wicom. Seals gone. 1093. N.d.
Grant and
confirmation by Alice, daughter of Gilbert the clerk and sometime the wife of John Coteman. to
Simon Hauberc
of Schaldeford, of three roods of land lying in the fields of Caldewell and Wicham upon le Clif at
Senedale, next
the land sometime of Gilbert, son of John the clerk, on S. To hold of the chief lords, etc., doing
therefor to
them all the service to the same tenement belonging for all the services appertaining to the said
Alice and her
heirs. Warranty. 
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 549 Witnesses: Ralph Arreby, John of Ocham, Roger le
Daubur, of Caldewell;
Thomas le Dyue, Thomas son of Roger, of Wicham. Seal gone. Endorsed : Carta S. Hauberc de
Alicia Coteman.
1094. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Alice, daughter of Gilbert the clerk, to Simon Hauberk of
Scaldeford, of
three acres, a rood and a half of arable land in the fields of Caldewell and Wicham; whereof half
an acre lies
upon Hosindalehil, next the land sometime of Reginald Knyg; half an acre with the holm upon le
Fouleholm,
next the land sometime of Robert son of William; a rood under le Curues, next the land of
Reginald Legat; a
rood and a half upon Hauerholm, next the land of Walter son of Bota; half an acre at Slothornes,
next the land
of John of Ocham; a rood upon Hongerhil, next the land of Ralph son of Thomas; a rood and a
half at
Ringilthorpmere, next the land sometime of Geoffrey Demeld; a rood at the gable of the mill of
Wycham, next
the land of the said Simon Hauberc; a rood and a half at Ringiltorpmere, next le Balke. To hold
of the chief
lords etc. Warranty. The said Simon, for this grant, has paid 20s. in hand. Witnesses: Ralph
Arreby, John of
Ocham. Philip son of Ralph, Peter son of Thomas, of Caldewelle; Thomas son of Roger of
Wicham. Seal. Under
flap of charter: iij rode iacent super le Clif iuxta terram R. Legat. 1095. N.d. Grant and quitclaim
by William son
of John Coteman of Wicham to Simon Hauberc of Schaldeford, of all his right in three roods of
land in the fields
of Caldewell and Wicham upon le Clif at Senedale, next the land sometime of Gilbert the clerk.
To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas le Dyue, John le Tayllur, Thomas son of Roger, of
Wicham; Peter
son of Thomas, John of Ocham, of Caldewell. Seal gone. Endorsed : Quieta clamacio de
Willelmo Coteman. 
550 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 1096. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Elen of
Friseby, relict of Walter
son of Andrew of Waltham, in her free widowhood, to Symon Hauberk and Mary his wife and
the heirs of
Simon, of five acres of land in the fields of Caldewell and Wycham; whereof a rood and a half
lies at
Wystonbrigg. next the land of John of Ocham; half an acre upon Scharthforlong, next the land of
Robert
Achard; a rood and a half upon le Clif, next the land sometime of John Coteman; a rood and a
half upon
Flatislaund, next the land of John Okam; a rood in Senedale, next the land sometime of John
Coteman; a rood
and a half between the ways, next the land sometime of Gilbert Aboueton; a rood at the well of
Wycham, next
the land of Thomas le Dyue; a rood upon le Holm, next the land of John of Okam; half an acre
and half a rood
upon le Clif, next the land of (blank); in le Sikefurlong a rood, next the land of Peter son of
Thomas; half an acre
in Lambecotis or at Redehou; upon le Foldecroft a rood, next the land of Robert Achard; in
Lambecotis a rood
and a half, next the land of William the priest's son; and upon Schouelebrod a rood, next the land
of John of
Okam : the which five acres the said Elen had of the gift of William son of Roger son of Peter of
Friseby, Ralph
and Peter, her brothers. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Part of seal. Witnesses: Ralph
Arby, John of
Okam, Philip son of Ralph, Thomas le Dyue, Thomas son of Roger. 1097. N.d. Grant and
confirmation by
William son of John le Clerc of Caldeuell to Simon Hauberc of Scaldeford and Mary his wife,
and to the heirs of
the said Simon, of three roods of land in the fields of Caldeuell and Wycham. lying in Stykebrese
and in le Clyf,
between the land of Peter son of John and that sometime of Gilbert Franceys. To hold of the chief
lords, etc.
Warranty Witnesses : Arreby (sic), Roger le Daubur, of Caldeuell; John of Okam in the same;
Philip son of
Ranulfph (sic): John Cotheman of Wycham. Seal gone. 1098. N.d. Grant and confirmation by
Thomas Dyue of
Wikham to Simon Hauberk of Scaldeford and Mary his wife, of three acres of land in the fields
of Caldewell and 
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL Wikham; whereof 24 roods lie in Lambecotes, abutting upon
the way to
Lambecotehil, between the land of Gilbert Abouvetoun and that sometime of John the clerk; and
three roods
lie at Elyothou, between the land sometime of John the clerk and a certain bound, and abut in to
Scaldefordmere; two roods lie at Osendaleouerende, between the land of Alan of Paunton and the
land
sometime of John the clerk; one rood lies at Osendaleouerende, between the land sometime of
Ralph of
Caldewell and that sometime of John the clerk; a capital selion lies upon Nether flatelandes and
contains a
rood of land, next the land of John of Okham; and a rood lies upon le Schortholm, next the land
of Elias of
Osberneby. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the said Simon and Mary and the heirs of Simon,
doing therefor
to the chief lords the due and accustomed services for all services to the said Thomas and his
heirs
appertaining. Warranty. Witnesses: Ralph Arreby, Roger le Daubor, of Caldewell; John of
Ocham in the same;
Philip son of Ralph of the same; John Coteman of Wikham. Seal in canvas. 1099. N.d. Grant and
confirmation
by Eva, sometime the wife of Thomas Dyue of Wicham, to Simon Hauberc of Schaldeford, of an
acre of land in
the fields of Wicham and Caldewell, whereof a rood and a half lies upon Langethorin. next the
land of Ralph
Maureward; a rood and a half between the ways, next the land of the said Simon; and a rood at le
Wath, next
the land of the said Simon. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Quitclaim to the said Simon of all the
lands and
tenements which he holds of the demise of the said Thomas. Warranty. Witnesses: William of
Kendale,
Thomas son of Thomas. William Balle, Ralph son of Ranulf, of Wicham: Adam Joye of
Caldewell. Seal gone.
1100. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Reginald son of Richard Legath to Simon Hauberc of
Schaldeford and
Mary his wife and the heirs of Simon, of an acre of land in the fields of Caldewell, viz. half an
acre 'attedam
next the land sometime of Walter Bote, and half an acre atte Schortforlong 
552 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS next the land of the said Walter. To hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: Ralph Arreby of Caldewell; John of Hocham; Thomas le Dyue, John
Coteman, Hugh le
Herl, of Wicham. Part of seal. Endorsed: Carta Reg. Legath de Wicham in Caldewelle. 1101.
N.d. Grant and
confirmation by William Nalle of Wycham to Simon Hauberk of Scaldeford, of two seliona lying
together in the
fields of Wycham and Caldewelle, abutting upon le Tunwelle of Wycham, and lying between the
land of the
said Simon and a boundary. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William of
Kendale, Thomas
Parys, Adam son of Robert. John son of Simon, of Wycham; Adam Joye of Caldewelle. Seal
gone. 1102. N.d.
Grant and confirmation by William son of Ralph of Caldewell. clerk. to Simon Hauberc of
Schaldeford. of a
selion of land in the fields of Caldewell and Wicham. lying in a tillage towards Wystonbrigge,
between the land
of John of Okham and that of Philip. To hold of the chief lords, etc., doing therefor to the chief
lords of the fee
all the services to so great a tenement appertaining, for all services appertaining to the said
William and his
heirs. (No warranty. Witnesses: Ralph Arreby, John of Okham, Peter son of Thomas, of
Caldewell; Thomas son
of Roger, Thomas Dyue, of Wicham. Fragment of seal in canvas. 1103. N.d. Grant and
confirmation by John le
Tayllur of Wicham to Simon Hauberc of Scaldeford, of 3 roods of land in the fields of Caldewell
and Wicham;
whereof half an acre lies upon Flatelandes, of the land sometime of Thomas Campiun; and a rood
upon le
Holm, next the land of the said Simon. To hold of the chief lords, etc., doing therefor to the same
chief lords
the services belonging to a tenement of such size, for all services appertaining to the grantor and
his heirs.
Warranty. 
553 WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL Witnesses: John of Ocham, of Caldewelle; Ralph Arreby.
Peter son of Thomas,
of Caldewelle; Thomas Dyue. Ralph son of Thomas. Thomas son of Roger, of Wicham. Oval
seal, part gone.
Endorsed: Carta de Johanne le Tayllur de Wicham. 1104. N.d. Grant and confirmation by
Geoffrey son of Cecily
of Wycham to Simon Hauberk of Scaldeford, of all his message in Wycham lying next the
churchyard of the
church of Wycham on one side and the messuage of the said Simon on the other, and of an acre
and a half of
land and a rood of meadow lying in the fields of Wycham and of Caldewelle, viz. three roods
lying under
Stikbrese, next the land of William of Kendale; half an acre upon Langethorn, between the land
of the lord of
Gowteby and that of Simon son of Henry; a rood at the high cross, next the land of Adam son of
Robert; and a
rood of meadow at Witewell. next the meadow of Ralph son of Thomas. To hold of the chief
lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses : William of Kendale, Thomas son of Thomas. John at le Wellehus, of
Wycham; John of
Ocham. Adam Joye, of Caldewelle. Printed oval seal. 1105. N.d. Grant and confirmation by
Ralph and Philip. the
sons of Thomas of Wicham, to Simon Hauberk of Scaldeford, of all that croft which the said
Thomas their
father and Eva, his wife, their mother, gave to him in the town of Caldewell by Wicham. To hold
of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John of Ocham, Adam son of Ralph, John son of Roger, John
the clerk, Ralph
son of Thomas of Wicham. Thomas son of Thomas, of Caldewell. Part of seal : the other gone.
1106. N.d. Grant
and confirmation by Robert le Webestere of Wicham to Simon Hauberc of Schaldeford, of an
acre of land and
three roods and a half of meadow in the fields of Wicham and Caldewell; whereof a rood and a
half lies next
Brakenousike; a rood upon le Fouleholm, next the land of Ralph son of Thomas; a rood and a
half between the
ways, 
554 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS next Goutebimere; and a rood of meadow at le
Wath, next the
meadow of William of Kendale; half a rood at Wytewell, next le Sike; a rood at Stonforthe, next
the meadow of
John King; and two swathes in Brakenousike, next the meadow of John King. To hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas le Dyue, John at le Wellehus Thomas son of Thomas, William of
Kendale, of
Wicham; John son of Milla of Caldewell. Seal gone. Endorsed : Roberti le Webestre. 1107. N.d.
Grant and
confirmation by Margery daughter of Simon Suard of Gauteby' to Robert Turvey of Burton, of
eight acres of
arable land and half an acre of meadow in the fields of Caldewell and Wycham, which the said
Margery hac of
the gift of the said Simon her father. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Ralph
Maureward,
William of Kendale Thomas son of Thomas, of Wyham; Adam son of Ralph. John of Ocham,
William le Feuere,
of Caldewell. Seal gone. 1108. 1291. Demise and delivery to farm by Thomas Diue of Wycam to
John, son of
Cecily Kinc of Wycam, of a selion of arable land lying in the field of Wicam beneath
Hundeholm, next the land
of Peter son of Thomas on one side and that of Philip on the other, and abutting upon the way of
Scaldeford
and as far as Mirewellesike. To hold the said selion with the holm aforesaid to the said Robert,
his heirs and
assigns, for the term of eight years, beginning at Michaelmas 1291. Warranty. Witnesses: Ralph
son of
Christian, Ralph Arreby, Philip son of Ralph. of Caldewell; Hugh Erl; Thomas son of Roger.
John Cutman, of
Wycam. Seal (broken). 1109. 1293. 21 Dec. [St Thomas Apostle, 22 Edw. I.) Caldewell. Letters
of attorney of
Thomas Campiun of Caldewell, empowering Roger le Daubur of Cayham to put Simon Hauberc
of Schaldeford
into seisin in two selions lying Goadby Marwood. 
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL in the fields of Wicham and Caldewell; whereof one lies upon
le Holm and the
other next Hueisbalke, as they are contained in the charter of feoffment which the said Simon had
of the said
Thomas. Seal gone. Simple queue. 1110. 1293-4, 7 Jan. [Morrow oj Epiphany, 22 Edw. I.)
Caldewell. Grant and
confirmation by Margery daughter of John the clerk of Caldewell, in her widowhood, to Reginald
Legat of
Wycam, of three acres and a half of land in the fields of Caldewell and Wycam, whereof one acre
lies upon
Warinhov, next the bound; half an acre upon Scaldeford gate in Lambecotes, next the bound
towards
Scaldeford; half an acre upon le Scarfurlong, next the land of William son of Luke; one rood
under le
Stonforthe, next the land of John Cuteman; three roods at Holecumbe; and half an acre with the
holm and the
moiety of a selion, next the milldam of Caldewell. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Ralph
Arreby, Philip son of Ralph. John Okam, of Caldewell; Roger Daubur, Thomas Diue of Wycam.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : Carta Reginaldi Legat. 1111. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Margery, daughter of John
the clerk of
Caldewell, in her widowhood, to Reginald Legat of Wicham, of five selions in the fields of
Caldewell, whereof
two selions lie by the mill-dam of Caldewell; one at le Wytewell, next the land of Philip; one at
le Chart, next
the land of William son of Luke; and one upon Watmor, next the bound (bundum). To hold, with
the holms and
herbage to the same appertaining, of the said Margery and her heirs. doing therefor yearly to the
master of
the knighthood of the Temple in England and the brethren of the same order the services due and
accustomed. Warranty. Witnesses: Ralph Arraby, Philip son of Ralph, Robert Achard, Reginald
son of Thomas,
of Caldewell; John of Okam. Part of seal. 1112. 1293-4, 14 March [Sun. after St Gregory the
pope, 22 Edw. I.]
Wicham. Grant and confirmation by Hugh of 

556 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Estewell', dwelling in Wicham, and Alice, daughter of Thomas Campion, his wife, with unanimous assent and will. to John the tailor (cissor) of Babbegraue' dwelling in Wicham, of half an acre of arable land in the territory of Caldewell and of Wicham, which fell to the said grantors by right of inheritance after the death of Thomas Campion o Caldewell: and it lies upon Flateland between the land sometime of Peter son of Bota of Caldewell and that sometime oGeoffrey the clerk of Wicham. To hold of the said grantors. their heirs and assigna, doing due and accustomed service to the chief lords of the fee, as much as belongs to so great a tenement. Warranty. Witnesses : Ralph Arreby of Caldewell; Roger le Dauber of Kayhamí, dwelling in Caldewell: Peter son of Thomas. Philip son of Ralph. of Caldewell; Hugh le Erl, Thomas le Dyfe. of Wicham. Two seals, much defaced. 1113. 1284. 24 Oct. [Sunday before St Simon and St Jude, 22 Edw. I.) Scaldeford. Acknowledgment of bond by Ralpl son of Thomas son of Geoffrey of Wicham to acquit Simon Hauberc of Scaldeford and Mary his wife, and the heirs on assigns of the said Simon, of three acres in the fields of Caldeuell and Wycham, which they have of the said Ralph. against the chief lords of the fee and all other men. whereunto he binds himself, his heirs and all his tenements within Wycham and Caldeuell. If the said Simon and Mary be distrained for service, they shall have power to exact half a mark by the name of debt. Seal gone Endorsed with rough drawing of a shield : a fess (? wavy between three roundels in chief and a mullet in base. 1114. 1295-6, 17 Jan. [Tues. after St Hilary, 24 Edw. 1) Waltham. Grant and confirmation, by Walter son of Andrew of Waltham and Elen his wife. of a rood of arable land which lies toward Wystonbrig and was sometime of Robert son o Richard of Caldewell, to William son of Ralph of Caldewell clerk: with quitclaim of all their right of hereditary succession or acquisition in the town and fields of Caldewell and Eastwell. Baggrave. *Keyham. 
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL Wycham. To hold of the said grantors, their heire and assigns. etc., doing therefor to the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John of Ocham. John le Taillur, William Nalle. Roger Daubur. Gilbert the clerk. Two seals. 1115. N.d. Grant and quitclaim by William son of Roger son of Peter of Friseby, and Ralph and Peter his brothers, to Walter aon of Andrew of Waltham and Elen his wife. of all their right in all the lands and tenements which may come or descend to them in the field of Wicham and Caldewelle. Witnesses: Ralph son of Cristian. Ralph Arreby. Henry son of Walter, master Gilbert, Hugh le Erl, John son of William. Part of one seal, two gone. 1116. 1300-01. 1 Jan. [Circumcision of our Lord.] Caldewell. Release and quitclaim by Robert and Thomas, sonof Geoffrey King of Wycham, the offspring of Maud his second wise. of all their right in the lands and tenements which were of Geoffrey their father and of any his ancestors whomsoever in the towns of Wycham and Caldewell and without, to Robert their brother, son of the said Geoffrey and begotten of his first wife Emma, and to Alice his wife. Witnesses: William son of Ralph. clerk. Thomas Diue. Thomas son of Thomas. Adam son of Robert, of Wycham Ralph Arreby. John of Ocham, Philip son of Ralph. Peter son of Thomas, of Caldewell. Fragment of one seal 1117. 1301, 11 Aug. [Morrow of St Lawrence.] Grant and confirmation by William son of Bota of Caldewell to Ralph Arby of Caldewell, of all his land except the place which was sometime the messuage of Peter the said William's brother. and except his part in the messuage which was sometime o his father, and of all his right and claim from any succession. To hold, etc., doing to the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas le Dyue. John of Okam, Thomas son of Roger. William son of Henry. Adam son of Ralph. Philip son of Ralph. Peter aon of Thomas. Adam son of Robert. William of Caldewell, clerk. 

558 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS The said grantor also wills that the said grant
may be to the said
Ralph Arby and to Juliane the said grantor a wife, their heirs and assigns, freely and quietly, as is
aforesaid. Seal
in canvas. 1118. [1310). Indenture of lease by Simon Hauberk to Gilbert Achard, John of
Welhous, Adam Joye
and Adam son of Gilbert, of 464 acres of land and meadow in Wykam and Caldewell, for a term
of 20 years
beginning at Michaelmas. 4 Edw. II, paying therefor 468. 8d. at two terms of the year, viz. 23s.
4d. at the
Annunciation of B.M. and 238. 4d. at the Assumption of B.M., for all secular service. Warranty.
The said
lessees, their heirs or assigns, shall well and faithfully without craft at their own costs yearly
manure
(compostabunt) six acres of the lands aforesaid; and at the end of the term they shall demise
eleven acres of
land well ploughed and left fallow (warrectat') or shall give to the said Simon, his heirs and
assigns, for every
acre not ploughed and left fallow eightpence. The said lessees will and grant to Simon. his heirs
and assigns,
right of distraint for non-payment of rent at any term upon all their lands, goods, chattels
movable and
immovable, within the town or without. in houses, on the king's ways and those not the king's, in
paths, in
lands, in market and in every place wheresoever they be found, until full satisfaction be made to
the said
Simon, his heirs or assigns, with right of entry and perpetual tenure if the said rent be eleven days
in arrear.
Witnesses: John, Henry le Hunte, John of Waltam, of Scaldeford; Adam son of Ralph of
Caldewell; Thomas le
Diue of Wykam. Seals gone lessees counterpart) 1119. 1310, 12 July (Sunday after the
Translation of St
Thomas, 4 Edw. II.] Wycham. Grant and confirmation by Simon son of John Coteman of
Wicham to Ralph son
of Thomas of Wycham, of a rood of arable land in the fields of Wycham and Caldewell, viz.
upon Hauerholm,
next the land of the said Simon. To hold, etc., doing therefor yearly to the chief lords, etc.
Warranty Witnesses:
Thomas Dyue, Thomas Parys, of Wycham; John of Ocham, Philip son of Ralph, of Caldewell;
William Kendal.
Fragment of seal. 
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 559 1120. 1313. 28 Dec. [Friday, Holy Innocents, 7 Edw. II).
Caldewell. Grant and
confirmation by Simon Arreby of Estwell to Margery his daughter, of seven acres of arable land
and half an
acre of meadow in the fields of Wycham and Caldewell; whereof an acre lies upon Clif, next the
land of John
son of Agnes; three roods in the same field, next the land of Alan of Paunton; half an acre at le
Goris, next the
land of John of Ocham; a rood next Waltham mere; half an acre and half a rood at Wytewell,
next the land of
John son of Agnes; a rood and a half at Brestoun, next the boundary; half an acre and half a rood
upon
Starkeforlong, next the land of John of Ocham; half an acre upon le Kirkeclyf, next the land of
John the clerk;
half an acre at Perkynyerd, next the land of William of Stounesby; half an acre at Emelotlane,
next the land of
Alan of Paunton; half an acre upon Scouilbrode, next the boundary; a rood at Ryngothorpmere,
next le
Fordole; half an acre upon Strouthorn; half an acre at Prestisdal, next the land of John of Ocham;
and half an
acre of meadow at le Sandpittes. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas
Dyue, Ralph son
of Thomas, Thomas Parys, Adam son of Robert, of Wycham; William of Kendal. Seal gone.
1121. 1316-17, 20
March [Sunday before Annunciation of B.M., 10 Edw. II.] Wicham. Grant and confirmation by
Joan, daughter of
Hugh le Herle of Wicham, to Simon Hauberck of Scaldeford, of 34 roods of land in Caldewelle
and Wicham;
whereof half an acre lies upon Kerisholm, next the land of William of Stounisby; and a rood and
a half lies intil
the Heininge, next the land of William of Kendale. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John son
of John of Ocham, Adam son of Ralph, Adam Joie, Gilbert Achard, of Caldewelle; Thomas son
of Thomas of
Wycham. Seal gone. Endorsed : Carta Johanne filie Hugonis le Herl. 1122. 1317, 20 March
[Sunday before the
Annunciation of B.M., 10 Edw. II. enham. Grant and confirmation by John, son of Gilbert, son of
Bota of
Caldewelle, to Simon 
 560 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Hauberck of Scaldeford, of the third part of his
croft, which was
sometime of John the clerk in Caldewelle, abutting upon le Brock, together with the dykes,
closes and all the
trees growing thereupon, with the reversion of the whole dower of the said croft which Eva, the
wife of
William of Stounysby, holds in dower. Gift also of a messuage in Wicham, lying between the
messuage of the
said Simon and that of Geoffrey son of Cecily, and of an acre and a half of land, whereof one
acre lies intil
Ringilthorpmere, next the tenement of the said Simon; and half an acre upon Schouelbrod, next
the land of
Ralph son of Thomas. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John son of John of
Ocham, Adam
son of Ralph, Adam Joie, Gilberd Achard, of Caldewelle; Thomas son of Thomas of Wicham.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : C. tenementi Joh. fil. (Gilberti fil.] Bote. 1123. 1317, 13 April (Wed. after St Guthlac,
10 Edw. II.)
Wykam. Grant and confirmation by John and Peter, sons and heirs of Walter Bote of Caldewell,
to Simon
Hauberk of Scaldeford, of three roods of land with the reversion of the whole tenement in the
fields of Wykam
and Caldewell, the which tenement William of Stounesby and Eva his wife hold of the said John
and Peter in
dower, of the dower of the said Eva; and a rood and a half lie next Ringelthorp mere, and a rood
and a half
upon Houerfolu Wellis next the land of John of Hokam. To hold of the lords of the fee, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Thomas son of Thomas, William of Kendal, John of Wellehus, Thomas le Diue, of
Wikam. Fragment
of one seal. Endorsed: Cart. Joh. & Pet. fil. et her. Walteri Bote. 1124. 1317, 14 April (Thurs.
after St Guthlac, 10
Edw. II.) Wykam. Grant and confirmation, with quitclaim, by Ralph, William, John and Philip,
sons and heirs of
Thomas le Dyue and Eva his wife of Wykam, to Simon Hauberk of Scaldeford. of all their right
in three acres of
land and half an acre of meadow in the fields of Wykam and Caldewell, which the said Simon
has of the
feoffment of the said Thomas and Eva. Warranty. 
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL Witnesses: William of Kendal, Thomas son of Thomas, John
of Welhus, of Wikam;
John of Hokam, Adam son of Ralph, of Caldewell. Two seals : the others gone. 1125. 1317,28
April (Thursday
after St Mark, 10 Edw. II.) Caldewelle. Grant and confirmation by Walter, son of Henry of
Caldewelle, to Simon
Hauberck of Scaldeford, of a selion of arable land, containing 24 roods of land in the fields of
Wicham and
Caldewelle upon Warinhoue, between the land of John of Ocham and the land To hold of the
chief lord, etc.
Warranty. Witnesses: John of Ocham in Caldewelle, William of Kendale in Wycham; John alle
Wellehus,
Thomas son of Thomas, Thomas Dyue, of Wycham. Seal gone. Endorsed : Carta Walt. fil.
Henrici. 1126. 1317,
12 June (Sunday after St Barnabas, 10 Edw. Wicham. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Dyue
of Wicham and
Eva his wife to Simon Hauberck of Scaldeford, of an acre and a half of land in the fields of
Wicham and
Caldewelle; whereof an acre lies upon le Clif towards Goutebymer next the land of the said
Simon, and half an
acre upon le Merefurlong next the land of Ralph Malward on E. To hold of the chief lord, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: William of Kendale, Thomas son of Thomas, John alle Wellehous, Ralph son of
Ranulph, William
Nalle, of Wicham. Seals gone. 1127. 1317, 25 June (Sat. Morrow of St John Baptist, 10 Edw. II).
Caldwelle. Grant
and confirmation by Walter son of Henry of Caldewelle to Simon Hauberck of Scaldeford, of a
selion containing
a rood and a half of land in the fields of Caldwelle and Wicham in Netherfold Croft, between the
land of Simon,
brother of the said Walter, and that of Alice, daughter of Arraby [sic). To hold of the chief lord,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William of Kendale in Wicham; John alle Welhous, Thomas son of Thomas, of
Wicham; John of
Ocham, Adam Joie, of Caldwelle. Seal gone. 
562 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 1128. 1317-18, 4 Feb. [Sat. after the
Purification of B.M., 1I Edw. II.]
Wycham. Grant and confirmation by Ralph son of Thomas of Wycham to Simon Hauberk of
Scaldeford, of four
acres, one rood of land, and three roods of meadow in the fields of Wycham and Caldewelle, viz.
a selion
containing three roods of land in Lambecotes, next the land of the church of Wycham and
Caldewelle; half an
acre upon Doddisholm, next the land of John at le Welhous; a rood and a half upon Doddisholm,
next the land
of the said Simon; three roods between the ways, next the land of the said church; half an acre
between the
said ways, between the land of the said church and that of the said Simon; a rood and a half upon
Scharthfurlong, next the land sometime of Philip son of Ralph; half an acre upon Schowelbrode,
next the land
of the said Simon; a rood upon Langethorn, next the land of John at le Welhous; half an acre of
meadow in le
Nore, next the meadow of John of Ocham and abutting upon le Milnetonge; and a rood in the
same meadow
under le Stanforth, next the meadow of the said Simon. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses:
Thomas son of Thomas, William of Kendale, John at le Welhous, of Wycham; John son of Milla,
John of Ocham,
of Caldewelle. Seal gone. 1129. 1318, 26 May (St Augustine, 11 Edw. II.] Wycham. Grant and
confirmation by
Thomas Dyue of Wycham and Eva his wife to Symon Hauberk of Scaldeford, of an acre and a
half of land in
Wycham and Caldewell; whereof half an acre lies in Lambecote, between the land sometime of
Alan of
Paunton and that of Adam son of Robert; a rood under the well of Wycham, among the land of
the said
Symon; a rood upon le Schortholm with meadow, next the land of the said Symon; half an acre
upon le
Fouleholm at Brakenousik, next the land of the said Symon. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : William of Kendale, Thomas son of Thomas, John of Wellehus, of Wycham; John of
Ocham, Adam
Jay, of Caldewelle. Fragment of one seal : part of the other. 
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 1130. 1336, 5 July (Friday after St Peter and St Paul, 10 Edw.
III.] Wicham. Grant by
Robert Dolfyn of Melton to Simon Hauberc of Schaldeford, of four acres of arable land in the
fields of Wicham
and Caldewell, which the said Robert had of the feoffment of John son of Richard of Asscheby
and Edmund his
brother. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William of Kendale in Wicham,
Thomas son of
Thomas, Ralph son of Thomas, John alle Wellehus, of the same; John of Ocham in Caldewell,
Adam Joye of the
same. Seal gone. 1131. 1341, 6 Oct. [Sat. Translation of St Hugh, 15 Edw. III.) Indenture of grant
and
confirmation by Simon Russel of Boseworth and Helen his wife and Nicholas Mey of Great
Dalby and Maud his
wife, to John, son of Simon Hauberk of Scaldeford, of two roods of land lying at the end of the
messuage of the
said John in Wicham on one side and next the land of John son of Simon on the other, in
exchange for half an
acre of land in Wicham and Caldewelle upon Lambecotes, between the land of Robert of
Schepeye and that
sometime of Thomas Parys. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Robert
Schepeye, John son of
Simon, Thomas son of Adam, of Wycham; John Smyth, John of Ocham, of Caldewelle.
Fragments of two seals :
two gone. 1132. 1351 125 Edw. III.), 20 June. Monastery of Croxton. Grant and confirmation by
Thomas of
Loughtburgh, abbot of Croxton, with the unanimous assent of his fellow canons, to John
Hauberk of Wykam,
kt., of Isabel, daughter of Henry Geri, their bondwoman (nativam), with all her chattels and
family. To hold to
the said John, his heirs or assigns, for ever. Warranty. Witnesses: Henry Hauberk, Ralph of
Freseby, Richard
Attetouneshend of Waltham, Robert Philipp of Caldwell. Fragment of seal. 1133. 1351, 17 July
(Sunday bejore
St Margaret the Virgin, 25 III.] Caldewell. Grant and confirmation by Roger, son of Hugh
Orchard (in Orto) of
Melton Mowbray to John 
564 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Hauberk, knight, of Wycham, of all his right in
all the arable lands and
a croft in Caldewell called le Wellecroft. which Maud, the wife of Robert Tupton of Waltham,
holds for the
term of her life. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Philip of Caldewell;
Hugh Smyth,
John son of Symon, Robert Campion, Hugh Nall, of the same. Seal gone. 1134. Same date.
Caldewell. Release
and quitclaim by Robert Tupton of Waltham and Maud his wife to Roger, son of Hugh Orchard
(de Orto) of
Melton Mowbray, of all their right in all the lands and tenements in the fields and town of
Caldewell which
they had for the term of life of the said Maud. Witnesses: Robert Philip, Hugh Smyth, Thomas
Drapur, of
Caldewell. Seal gone. 1135. 1353. 19 May (Trinity, 27 Edw. III.] Wycham. Covenant (indented)
of demise, grant
and confirmation by William son of Adam of Caldewell and Agnes his wife to John Hauberk,
knight, of Wycham,
of a plot of the said Agnes in Wycham, with the moiety of a dove-house and all other
appurtenances, in
exchange for a place in Caldewell next Acwellane, which Roger Joy sometime held. To hold of
the chief lords,
etc. The said William and Agnes will and grant that, if it happen that they or their heirs, or any
other person in
their name, exact right or claim upon the said place in Wycham, then the said John, his heirs or
assigns, may
enter upon the said place in Caldewelle as upon their free tenement without contradiction of any.
Warranty.
Witnesses: John son of Symon, Robert Campion, of Wycham; Robert Philipp, Hugh Smyth,
Symon son of Adam,
of Caldewell. Seal. 1136. 1439-40, 13 Jan. Rotheley. Pleas held there on Wednesday next after
the Epiphany, 18
Hen. VI. Nicholas Jervis in his own person demands against Robert Bawdes and Katherine his
wife a messuage,
seven tofts, 124 acres of land with the appurtenances in Wikham and Cawdwell; whereof 
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL he says that the said Robert and Katherine wrongfully deforce
him of the
premises, which he claims to be his right and inheritance. Whereof he says that one Simon
Hauberke of
Schalford was lately seised of the premises in his demesne as of fee, and gave them by his charter
to John
Hauberke his son, to have and to hold to him and the heirs of his body lawfully begotten, with
successive
remainders, in default of such heirs, to Hugh, the brother of the said John, to Simon, the brother
of the said
Hugh, and to Margaret, the sister of the said Simon, and the heirs of their respective bodies
lawfully begotten,
and, in failure of such heirs, to the right heirs of the said Simon the father. By virtue of which
gift, the said John
was seised of the premises in his demesne as of fee and of right by the form of the said gift, in the
time of
peace, in the time of Edward III., of late king of England, and took esplees therefrom in
allowance of the
premises to the value of half a mark and more as of fee and of right according to the form of the
said gift. And
from the said John the right descended, and should descend by the form of the said gift to one
Robert
Hauberke as the son and heir of the said John. And from the said Robert, because he died without
an heir of
his body, the right descended, and should descend to one Agnes, the sister of the said Robert,
according to the
form of the said gift. And from the said Agnes the right descended and should descend to the said
Nicholas, the
demandant, as the son and heir of the said Agnes and kinsman of the said Robert Hauberke, to
wit, the son of
the said Agnes sister of the said Robert, by the form of the said gift. And that such is the right by
the form
aforesaid, the said Nicholas, if the said Robert Bawdes and Katherine his wife will gainsay this,
is ready to verify
his right. And the said Robert Bawdes in his own person, and Katherine his wife by the said
Robert Bawdes her
attorney, defend the right of the same Nicholas, and say that the said Simon, father of the said
John, did not
give the said tenements in the said writ contained, as the said Nicholas has above declared. And
this they are
prepared to verify by the country. And the said Nicholas likewise. And hereupon a day was given
to the said
parties. Wednesday to wit next after the Purification of B.M. next to come at Wykham at the said
prior's court
to be held this day three weeks [3 Feb. 1439-40). And hereupon precept was made to the bailiff
of the soke to
cause to come 24 honest and leal men of the neighbourhood 
 566 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS of Wykham and Cawdwell within the precinct
of the manor of
Rotheley, to be at the said court before the bailiffs and suitors of this court, to make recognisance
upon their
oath whether the said Simon, father of the said John, gave the premises as the said Nicholas says,
or not, as
the said Robert Bawdes and Katherine his wife say. And they say upon their oath that the said
Simon, father of
the said John, gave the premises as the said Nicholas says. Therefore the said Robert and
Katherine are in the
lord's mercy. Therefore it was granted by the court that the said Nicholas recovers the premises,
and that he
have seisin of the said tenements, etc. 11364. Another copy of the same. 1137. 1505, 13 May
(Tuesday after
Pentecost, 20 Hen. VII.] Grant and confirmation by Edmund Cape, gent., to Thomas Brabason, of
all his lands,
tenements, etc. in the town and fields of Whykam and Caudewell. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty. No
witnesses. Seal. On dorse : Memorandum of delivery of seisin on Monday next after Corpus
Christi in the same
year [27 May) in the presence of sir John Wade, clerk, John Nall of Wykam, Richard Monke,
John Markeby,
William Waltham, John Broun and Robert Waltham and other witnesses there present. 1138.
1516 18 Hen.
VIII.], 12 May. Indenture (English) of bargain and sale by sir Robert Seppey (Sheppey) alias
Carter (Cartar) to sir
Thomas Norton, knight, master of Burton Saynt Lazar, and master Richard Sutton, 'stuard' of
Sion, esq. two
messuages set in the town and fields of Wykham, Cawdwell and Barston', with 24 oxgangs of
land lying in the
fields aforesaid, with the appurtenances, that is to say, a messuage set in the town of Wykham,
and two closes
in Cawdwell, and oxgang and 6 acres of land thereto belonging. lying in the fields of Cawdwell
and Wykham,
and also one other messuage set in the town of Barston in the vale of Bever next unto Redmell',
and an oxgang
of land containing 15 acres thereto belonging, lying in the field aforesaid with the appurtenances,
called
Bawchoyns thyng. Usual clauses. Estate to be made before the Nativity of St John Baptist next.
Barkston.
Redmile. 
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL The said master and master Richard shall pay ú8 at the said
feast, and ú8 within
eight days before the feast of the Nativity of St Mary. 1139. 1519 111 Hen. VIII.], 8 Dec.
Wycham. Grant and
confirmation by John Capp of Slefforde', co. Lincoln, gent., and Martin Capp of Batheley in the
parish of
Northmuscam, co. Nottingham. gent., to Thomas Capp of Normanton', co. Lincoln, gent., of all
those their
lands and tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Wicham in Caudewell, which of late
descended by right
and inheritance to the said John and Martin after the death of Thomas Capp and Margaret his
wife, their
father and mother. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Power of attorney to William Dawne
of Harby,
yoman, and John Markeby of Wycham, husbondman, to deliver seisin. Witnesses: Gregory
Barton of
Northmuscam, Robert Kechen, Nicholas Tomson, of the same. Two seals. Endorsed: Ric.
Troman, Ric. Markbe
and Thomas Clay. 1140. Same date. Acknowledgment of bond by Martin Capp of Batheley in the
parish of
Northmuskham, co. Nottingham, gentilman, to Thomas Capp of Normanton, co. Linc., gent., in
ú40, payable at
the feast of the Purification. Condition : peaceful possession by the said Thomas of all lands,
tenements, etc., in
the towns and fields of Wycham and Caudewell, which he late had of the gift and feoffment of
the said John
and Martin Capp. Seal. 1141. Same date. Bond by John Capp of Slefford, co. Linc., to Thomas
Capp of
Normanton in the same county, in ú40, payable at the feast of the Purification next. Condition :
the said
Thomas shall have peaceful possession of the lands and tenements in the towns and fields of
Wycham and
Caudewell, which he had of the gift and feoffment of the said John and Martin Capp by charter
of the above
date. Seal gone. Slenford. *Probably Normanton in Loveden wapentake, 7 miles N.E. of
Grantham. 
 568 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 1142. 1519 [II Hen. VIII.], 20 Dec. Croxton
Abbey. Grant by Thomas
Cappe of Normanton, co. Linc., and Alexander Brabson of Eton, co. Leycester', gentlemen, to
William Wigston
of Leycester the younger, merchant of the staple of Calais, Thomas Wigston. clerk, and William
Fysher, clerk, of
all his messuage and all lands, etc. which he has in the towns and fields of Wykham and
Cawdwell. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Appointment of Robert Clercke of Croxton and Richard Fynye as
attorneys to
deliver seisin of the premises. Signed: per me Thomam Cape, per me Alysandur Brabazon. Two
seals. Endorsed
with memorandum of delivery of seisin on 8 Jan. 1519-20 [11 Hen. VIII), in the presence of
Edward Broksbye,
gent., John Markeby, John Tylsbe, Robert Hardy, John Mydulton of Meylton, sir Richard
Wilson, chaplain. 1143.
Same date. Indenture (English) of bargain and sale by Thomas Cappe of Normanton, co. Linc.
and Alisaunder
Brabson of Eton. co. Leiceter, gentylmen, to William Wigston the younger of Leicetour,
merchant of the staple
at Calis, of all that their mease in Wykam in the parish of Cawdwell, with all their lands, etc. in
Wykam and
Cawdwell, the which premises late descended to the said Thomas and Alisaunder after the death
of one
Nicholas Jervys. Usual clauses. Estate to be made before the feast of St John Baptist next. The
said William
promises to pay ú39, viz. ú24 on the day of the making of these presents, and ú15 to be paid upon
the delivery
of the estate and evidences. Signed: per me Thomam Cape, per me Alysaunder Brabazon. One
seal : part of
another. 1144. 1519 [I1 Hen. VIII), 30 Dec. Letters of John Capp of Slefforde, co. Lincoln, gent.,
and Martin Capp
of Bathley in the parish of North Muscham, co. Nottingham, appointing Thomas (Capp) of
Normanton, co.
Linc., their attorney to release their right in all their lands, etc. in the town and fields to William
Wygston the
younger of of Wycham Leicester, merchant of the staple of Calais. Fragment of seal. Eaton. 
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 569 1145. 1519-20 [11 Hen. VIII). 7 Jan. Indenture (English)
of bargain and sale by
William Brabazon of Estwell, gent., to William Wigston the younger of Leycestre, merchant of
the staple at
Calis, of all his part of a messe, with the lands, etc., thereto pertaining in Wikham and Cawdwell;
the which
premises late descended to the said William after the death of his mother Mawde Brabazon,
sometime
daughter of Nicolas Jervis, and are in yearly value 13s. 4d. Estate to be made, etc., before the
feast of St John
Baptist next coming. The purchaser promises by bond to pay twenty marks to the said William
Brabazon at his
will and pleasure. Seal. 1146. 1519-20 [11 Hen. VIII), 10 Jan. Croxton Abbey. Acknowledgment
by Thomas
Cappe of Normanton, co. Lincoln, and Alexander Brabazon of Eton, co. Leycester, gentleman, of
receipt from
William Wigston, jun., of Leycestre, merchant of the staple of Calais, of ú15 sterling. in full
satisfaction of ú39
due to the said Thomas and Alexander from the said William for the lands and tenements bought
of them in
Wykam and Cawdwell. Per me Thomam Cape. Per me Alysaund' Brabazon. Two seals on simple
queue. 1147.
Same date. Croxton Abbey. Grant by William Brabazon of Estwell, gent., to William Wigston
the younger of
Leycestre, merchant of the staple of Calais, Thomas Wigston, clerk, and William Fyshar, clerk,
of the fourth part
of a messuage in Wykam, with all lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Wykham and
Cawdwell,
which descended to the said William after the death of Maud Brabazon his mother, sometime the
daughter of
Nicholas Jervis. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Appointment of Robert Clarke of
Croxton and Richard
Fynye as attorneys to deliver seisin. Signed : per me Wyllam Brabazon. Seal. Endorsed with
memorandum of
delivery of seisin on 8 Jan. in the presence of Edward Broksbye, gent., John Markbye, John
Tylsbe, Robart
Hardy, John Myddulton of Meylton, sir Richard Wilson, chaplain. 
570 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 1148. Same date. Release by John Cappe of
Slefforde, co. Lincoln, to
William Wigston the younger and the said Thomas and William, of all his right in a messuage in
Wykham, with
all lands, etc., in the towns and fields of Wykham and Cawdwell which late were of Margaret
Cappe his
mother, sometime the daughter of Nicholas Jarvis. To hold to them, etc. for ever. Seal. 1149.
Same date.
Similar release by Martin Cappe of Baythley, co. Notyngham. Seal. 1150. 1519-20 [11 Hen.
VIII), 12 Jan. Similar
release by Thomas Cappe of Normanton, co. Linc., and Alexander Brabazon of Eton, co.
Leycestre, gentlemen,
in three parts of a messuage, land, etc., in the towns and fields of Wykham and Cawdwell, which
they of late
had by right of inheritance after the death of one Nicholas Jervis. Signed: per me Thomam Cape.
per me
Alysandur Brabazon. 1151. 1519-20 (11 Hen. VIIII, 12 Jan. Similar release by William Brabazon
of Estwell, gent.,
of his right in the fourth part of a messuage and lands, etc. in the towns and fields of Wykham
and Cawdwell,
which the said William of late had after the death of his mother Maud Brabazon. Signed : per me
Wyllam
Brabazon. 1152. 1520 (11 Hen. VIII), 16 April. Letters of William Brabazon of Estwell, gent.,
appointing Thomas
Pachett of Rowtheley, Roger Gillott and William Gibson of Leycestre his attorneys to release his
right in the
fourth part of a messuage in Wykham, with all lands, etc., in the towns and fields of Wykham
and Cawdwell,
which he of late had after the death of Maud Brabazon his mother, to William Wigston the
younger of
Leycester, merchant of the staple of Calais. 1153. Same date. Similar letters of Alexander
Brabazon of Eton,
gent. No mention of descent. Variants : Pachette of Rowtheley, Gybson. Signed : per me
Alysandur Brabazon. 
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 1154. 1521 [13 Hen. VIIIJ. 20 Sept. Leycestre. Release and
quitclaim by Thomas
Wygston, clerk, to sir William Fyshar and sir John Thorpe, chaplains, and the twelve poor men
of the hospital of
William Wigston the younger in Leycester, of all his right in a messuage in Wikham, with all
lands, etc. thereto
appertaining in Wykham and Cawdwell. To hold to the said chaplains, etc. for ever. Signed: Per
me Thomam
Wygston. Endorsed: Releas of Cawdwell. Seal. 1155. 1522 (14 Hen. VIII). 22 Oct. Rothley.
View of frankpledge
with court of sir Thomas Dokwray, prior of St John of Jerusalem in England, and of sir Thomas
Newporte,
knight, preceptor of Dalby and bailiff of Eagle (Aquile). To this court came William Wigston of
Leycester the
younger. merchant of the staple of the town of Calais, by Roger Gillott his attorney, and made
entry for certain
lands, tenements, etc., in the towns and fields of Kawdwell and Wykeham. which he purchased
of Alexander
Brabason and Thomas Cappe, by the name of all the lands, tenements, etc., of the said Alexander
and Thomas
in the said town; and for the fourth part of a messuage in Wykeham, with all lands, tenements,
etc., in the said
towns and fields of the late William Brabazon, which descended to him by right of inheritance by
the decease
of Maud Brabazon his mother, the daughter and heir of Richard (sic) Gerves, and which the said
William
Wigston purchased of the said William Brabazon. And also the said William Wigston made entry
in the same
court for all the lands, tenements, etc., in Cawdewell and Wykeham aforesaid, late of John Cappe
of Sleford
and Martin Cappe of Bathebye (sic). which the said William purchased of the said John and
Martin, as fully
appears by the charters of the aforesaid purchases shown in court. And further the said William
came into this
court by the said Roger his attorney, and made entry for all the lands, tenements, etc., which were
late of Alice
Lodye, daughter and heir of John Sandye, late of Gadysby, in the town and fields of Gadysby,
which the said
William purchased of the said Alice in her pure widowhood, as appears by her charter shown in
court.
Moreover the said William, by the said Roger his attorney, as appears in a letter of attorney made 

572 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS to the same Roger by the same William and shown in court, recognised the premises in Cawdewell and Wykeham to be the right of sir William Fysher, chaplain, and of sir John Thorpe, chaplain, wardens of the new hospital of the said William Wigston in Leycestre, and of the twelve poor in the said hospital being at that time in the same, and of their successora for ever. To hold of the chief lords, etc. And hereupon the said sir William Fysher and sir John Thorpe made entry and fealty, and were admitted tenants therein. And the said William Wigston gives to the lord. for having fine at entry, both in the name of the said chaplains and in his own. for the premises, 80s., paid to the lord's hands; and they are admitted tenants. In margin: Fine at entry. &4. paid to the lord's hands. 1156. 1524 (16 Hen. VIIII, 20 Sept. Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by John Brabson, son and heir of William Brabson, late of Estwell, deceased, to William Wigston the younger of Leycestre, merchant of the staple of Calais, of all his right in the fourth part of a messuage in Wyckham. with all the meadows, etc., in the towns and fields of Wykham and Cawdwell, which were late of William Brabson his father. Signed: per me Johannem Brabazon. Seal. Endorsed: (1) Relaxacio de Wykam. (2) Relaxacio Johannis Brabazon. 1157. 1543 (35 Hen. VIII), 12 Oct. Lecester. Release and quitclaim by John Brabazon, son and heir of William Brabazon of Estwell, deceased, to Walter Browne, clerk and master of the hospital of William Wigston in Lecester, and to Thomas Thorpe. clerk and brother of the same hospital. and to the twelve poor of the same and their successors, of all his right in the fourth part of a messuage in Wyckham. with all meadows, etc. in the towns and fields of Wickham and Cawdewell, which were once of William Brabazon his father. Signed: per me Johannem Brabazon. Fragment of seal. Endorsed : Relaxacio Johannis Brabazon. 
