OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THE ENDOWMENTS GIVEN TO THE HOSPITAL BY THE FOUNDER. 1. ALLINGTON 1. N.d. Grant and confirmation by William, son of Simon Crisping of Alington, to [Alan Carpejnter of Alington, his heirs or to whomsoever he will give, etc., wheresoever and whensoever, both in sickness and in good health, of two selions of arable land in the territory of the same town, whereof one lies upon Longfurlong between the land of [Alvery] Crisping and that of Robert son of William, and one lies upon Bramland, between the land of the said Alvery and that of the said Robert son of William. To hold of the said William and his heirs freely, etc., without any gainsaying, rendering therefore yearly a peppercorn at Christmas for all services, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William Burdet of Alington, . . . clerk, Robert son of Thomas, Alvery Crisping, John of Westburg [of Athel) ington. 2. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Geoffrey, son of Alan Carpenter of Athelington, to Henry, son of John the reeve of the same, his heirs, or to whomsoever and whensoever he will assign it, of two selions of arable land in the fields of Athelington, whereof one selion lies upon Bramland next the land of Alvery Crispyng on W. and that of Robert son of William on E., and the other lies upon Longefurland next the land of Alvery Crispyng on W. and that of the said Robert son of William on E., with the pasture appertaining, and all appurtenances, liberties and easements within the town and without. To hold of the said Geoffrey and his heirs freely, etc., doing to the chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John of Multon, Thomas Douly, William Crispyng, Alvery Crispyng, Roger son of Adam, Richard Bulite, Thomas son of William the clerk. Seal gone. Ill i4
94 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS . 3' Grant and confirmation by William of Deilluer-ton. dwelling m Athelington, to William Crisping and Cecily his; wife, of the same, their heirs and assigns, to whomsoever and whensoever they will give, sell, bequeath or assign, both in sickness and in good prosperity, of a selion of arable land ying in the north field of Athelington upon Blakemer, between the land of the said William Crisping and that of William Kurdeth and abutting at the east head upon Hauerhilforlong, k U.V ^ ^Cad Upon the furlong caIIed Fostun dale. To O e said selion with all its appurtenances, liberties and easements within the town and without in meadows, plains, grazings, pastures, ways and paths, of the lord of the fee to the said William Crisping, etc., freely, etc., for ever, without gainsaying or claim of the said grantor or his heirs, rendering therefor to the lord of the fee a silver halfpenny at Michaelmas tor all secular services, etc. For this gift, grant and the con-hrmat.on of the present charter the said William Crisping and eciy ave given a sum of money at the beginning of the confirmation. warranty. Witnesses : Thomas Doly, William son of William Geue, 1 homas son of Richard the clerk, Alvery Crisping, John son o omas, °S^r son of Adam, of Athelington; Henry of W-n-011 l ' ®'nSton. John of Westeburch in the same; William the clerk. Seal. (V V ^ by MatZ"y Deuly, wife of the late Hugh w; m °n' Jn, her pure widowhood and liege power, to William son of John of Athelinton, clerk, of a toft in the town ot Athelinton which was sometime of Malger of Athelinton, the which toft the said Hugh and Margery had of William son ot Koger Bate of the same town in fee by his feoffment. To o o t e chief lords, etc., without any mesne, freely, etc. tor ever. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Deuly, William Burdet, Alvery Uisping, William Crisping, Thomas of Hereford, William Thomas086' 8°n Adam' J°hn °f Westbur8' John son of Seal. A L' Grant by Thomas son of Thomas of Herford of e ington to Henry son of John son of Hugh of Athelington,
ALL1NGTON 95 of a selion of arable land lying in the north field of the same town upon Peslandis, between the lands of the same Henry on either side. To hold, etc., with all its appurtenances, liberties and easements within the town or without, of the chief lord of the fee, to give, sell, bequeath or assign to whomsoever and whensoever the said Henry, his heirs or assigns will, freely, quit, well, and in peace, of right and inheritance for ever, doing to the chief lord of the fee the services therefor due and accustomed, for all worldly service, suit of courts and demand. Warranty. Witnesses : William Crisping, Alvery Crisping, Roger son of Adam, Henry of Stanton, Robert of Castorpe, Richard Bolit, William Randolf, clerk, all of Athelington. Piece of seal. 6. 1275, 6 Dec. [St Nicholas, 24 Edw. 1.J Graham.1 Grant and confirmation by William Burdet of Alinctona and Richard his son & heir to Thomas son of John of the same and Alice his wife, and their heirs, or to whom and when they will give, assign, sell or in their last days bequeath the same, of 4 selions of arable land, whereof two lie in the south field, viz. one at Smalgraue, between the land of Jak le Ward on S. and that of John Marescall, and abutting upon the headland of Ellen Byssyng towards W., and the other upon Bretland, between the land of Thomas de Oyly on W. and that of master Ranulf of Carram, and abutting upon the headland of Henry the reeve towards N. and upon the lord s tillage (cultura). The third lies in the north field upon Hauerhyll between the land of Thomas de Oyly on N. and that of Alvery Cryspyng, abutting upon Hauerhilheuedes westward and upon the headland of Thomas de Oyly. The fourth lies between the land of Thomas de Oyly on S. and that of Thomas of Herford, abutting upon Bretlandheuedes northward and upon the headland of Thomas of Herford. To hold of the chief lords freely, etc., for a sum of money which the said Thomas son of John has paid in hand, doing therefor to the lords of the fee the service to the said selions appertaining, and rendering to the said William and Richard and their heirs a root of ginger at Easter for all service, etc. Witnesses : Thomas de Oyly, Alvery Crispyng, William Crispyng, William Jeue, John son of Thomas, of Alincton. 1I.e. Grantham.
96 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS AthUii3?4' 3°rAUgUSt after decollation of St John ] Will ?pnt 3nd con^rma'ion by Robert, son j William son of R0ger, Qf Athelington. to John Mauniel' of egbrock and Roger son of Adam of Athelington, of a messu Robert^ thel Athelmgt°n> with a11 lands' etc., of the said cwri'r v:::z. A",elin8">,,'T° h°ld°< Witnesses : William Crisping, Alvery Crisping, Henry of Segbrock fT^ S°k" °k °,f A'helington; John Mauniel of oegbrock, Roger his brother the clerk. Seal gone. 8. 1316, 21 May [Friday after the Ascension, 9 Edw II I Bate of A°th I' I3"1 and COnfirmation by John son of Roger Alice hi f ^ t0, Th°maS S°n °f John of the same and Athehnlr l' a ,10nc °f arable Iand in 'be north field of Randolf d I'"8 t0cke> between the land of Hugh lords 1 W Hfmy BaUchim" To bold of the chief said (r,h k arranty, for a certain sum of money which the said John has rece.ved ,n hand of the said Thomas and Alice. of Ad ltneSRSU Wili'fam Crisping, Alvery Crisping, Roger son Athelfngton rl °' <«• ol Seal. Endorsed : Carte terrarum. Wrongly Wykyngeston.' Gran/ ^' d' ^ ^ h^OTe St J°h" Baptist, 10 Edw. II.] ton^ toRok0? atTDbr William °f Alue"on- °f Atheling-Label kU T' T/ n°bert CarPen'« °f Athelington, and one £ " iu fU ^ tHe fidds °f A'belington, viz. between rk T d r LUP<?n 3 fud°ng calIed Halseuenrigges of WdTaml N W thVbub0t °f Neub°3 and 'ha' -mefime land of lok I V ' J abutting northward upon the headland soriedmleoTR °n ^ fud°ng nex' the headland of rk -j*?bert the reeve, and abutting upon the upon le Br ^ d^ J°hn 'C Ward= the third » 'be south field Bramland between the land of Robert le Ward and sldtebrook1' 3THe Prem°nstra,ensiar1 3hbey of A modern endorsement has
ALLINGTON 97 that of the chapel of St James the Apostle,1 and abutting northward upon le Brigdik and southward upon the headland of William Crisping; and the fourth in the south field upon le Sikeforlong between the land of Hugh Randolf and that sometime of Hugh Frere, and abutting northward upon the headland of sir John of Caltoft' in le Gayres. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William Crisping, Alvery Crisping, Robert Geue, Robert of Castorp, of Athehngton; VFilham Randolf, clerk. Seal gone. 10. 1321, 6 November [St Leonard, confessor and abbot, 15 Edw. II.]. Grant by Alexander of Kyrkton to John son of Henry of Athehngton, of a toft in Athehngton, lying between the toft of Hugh son of lueta and the road leading to Graham.3 To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William Crisping, Alvery Crisping, Roger son of Adam, Robert Geue, Robert Ward. 11. 1328, 24 July [Sf James the apostle, 2 Edw. III. ] Alyng-ton. Grant and confirmation by Robert Castorp of Alyngton to Alice his daughter, for her good service which she did him after the death of Mabel her mother, sometime Kis wife, of 4 selions of arable land in the fields of Alyngton, viz. in the east field a selion called Yelbrodrig' in Foxholys; another lying upon Preushill, which is sum hedland (sic) at the north end; a third lying upon Croshell in length 'sowth & northe'; and another in the little field next the Spinay, abutting upon Salwellsikis. To hold of the said Alice, etc., freely, etc. without any service, suit or demand, except service to the king. Warranty. Witnesses : Robert Doly the elder, William of Stanton, Robert Warde, William Crisping, Hugh Randolf. Seal gone. 12. 1356-7, 24 Feb. [St Matthias, 31 Edw. III.] Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by Emma, sometime the wife of Walter Randolf of Alyngton, to Thomas, son of John Randolf, 1The chapel of St. James in East Allington was dependent upon the church of Sedgebrook. The parish church of West Allington is said to be dedicated to All Saints; but in No. 43 the dedication is given twice as Holy Trinity and again in No. 49. 2Grantham.
98 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS of 2 selions of arable land in the field c AI upon Presthell next the land of ftbert n t0n' ^ °n other upon Saltewelforlang next the 1 jrt Pfnecort, and th Wd of the chief |ords *X " dA 1 RobrnW,"? The™, Rudolf* °f A'ynB,°n- R°b«« Doly Seal (white wax). Athelyngton/'cllm and""' ^ °Unstan' 34 Edw- HI. Henry Greyne of A h T COnfirmat.on by Robert, son oi ton, of a bovat' cS^dbTl ?°S °°ly °f Athe1^ S Warrantt* Alyngton^4 Grant^and ISe*'Ua*e.s,'m« Sunday, 49 Edw., III.] BotteLsford. todfllT.7 H J°hn,Why " : • * o! and tenements in the fr» j c 1? ^oston» of all his lands of .he chief WA, tW,Ziy'd- Aly"S,»- T° Wd °°yly' Thom., j.k.o„, William No seal Uy' J°hn de la Huil °f Foston. confirmation by^JohnHundelf 7 A^' Alyngton" Grant and of Foston, of a mess?, UndeIl of Alyngton to William at Hill in the town and fields of AUnt** °Vate of'and and meadow the chief lords, etc re ? ^ ^ Se^hrok^ To hold of of Neubo 9d in Mich ,nng ye y'o the abbot and convent •o»' *L ye.„y at William Broughton?hHug^RayunRcebrSWerde' J°hn BeUrech' Seal gone. 1Bottesford 2TF»#» n. • l r r* 3I e. East Ailing,on. 'Ung Benni^T8 thf °f East Ailing,on on N. ng tienning,on „ about 3 miles N.W. of Allington.
ALLINGTON 99 16. 1381, 3 May [Invention of the Holy Cross.] Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by Stephen of Skendenby,' chaplain, to John Doyly and Thomas son of Emma of Alyngton, of all his lands, tenements, etc. in the town and fields of Alyngton. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Robert Crysplyng.2 Robert Doyly, Thomas Randolf, Hugh Byssyng, William Bate. Seal. 17. 1394, 4 Oct. [Sunday after Michaelmas, 18 Rich. II.] Alington. Grant and confirmation by John Dunstalle of Alynton to William Danyel of Syston,3 his heirs and assigns, of a messuage and a bovate of land which was sometime of Thomas Hobard of Alynton. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Buxum, Robert Buxum, Robert Doly, Thomas son of Emma, Robert inthehyrun," of Alyngton. Seal gone. 18. I300,s 6 Nov. [Sunday after All Saints.] Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by John Doyly and Thomas son of Emma of Alyngton to Alice Hawlay of Cognam,6 of a toft and 14 selions of arable land in divers fields of Alyngton, and 3 roods of meadow in Howdeyl, and one rood [in] Stortlayd-hege, which were sometime of John Wykmer, and which the said John Doyly and Thomas had of the feoffment of sir Stephen of Skendelby, chaplain. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Robert Crysplyng,7 Robert Doyly, Thomas Randolf, of Alyngton; William Cursun. Seal gone. 19. 1402, I Oct. [Sunday after Michaelmas, 4 Hen. IV. ] Alyngton. Grant and confirmation (indented) by Robert Heriotson of Alyngton and Agnes his wife to Thomas son of John son of Robert of Eyleston" and Marjory his wife, of all that messuage and those 14 selions of arable land, I acre of lSic : probably for Skendelby. See No. 18. 2Sic. 'About 3 miles E. of Allington. 4l.e. in the hum (corner). 5Sic : an obvious error for 1400. The property referred to is that mentioned in No. 16. 61 do not recognise this as a local name. 7Sic. 'Probably Elston, Notts., 5} miles S.W. of Newark.
100 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS meadow, half an acre of pasture in Alyngton, which the gran SAlC'; if *",d of •Iohn Steven of How,,.' together with .11 „,he, l.nd, Ld ,^7^ in the town and fields of Alyngton. To hold of the chief lords, etc to the said Thomas and Marjory and their i„ue sf zsx&z? tzzrto *• -i8ht ^ Bu*um' Joh° Fragment of one seal. AlvnJn C T L,y ce/°re StNich°l°°, 'I Hen. IV.j ClawordT nT anu co'?firmation by John Mawe of aworth and Agnes h.s wife to John Doylly of Eyleston, of suTge he86!,3? bovates °f la"d in ^y^on- the which messuage lies Between the tenement of Robert Deyncourt and that sometime of Robert Doylly. To hold of the chief lords etc., to the said John Doylly and the heirs of his body, with DoyTy'011 Warmly ^ l° ** °f R°bcrt Emrl^Tk RpCHard S"Urfe- Wllliam of Kelu">. Thomas t-mmotson, John Buxum, Richard Wyther. Seals gone. Hen V \ C ^°V' °fter St Leonard the abbot, I b.fra'h f]AYrantham- Le»ers of attorney of William Coldes-vo..n U ynStOU- aPP°'oting John Haliday of Grantham the in th It IVer seisin of a selion of arable land the south field of Alyngton to William Kelme of Alyngton.3 Seal. Pnnl in ^?Yyne^^^0r,day' Jeas' °f 'he apostles Peter and Alvn' I Hr TL and confirmation by John Doylly of dZir f°rk Richeman of Alyngton and Agnes, now in^h r °f 3 b°VatC °f land in >W». Thorn ^T'6 RjClJard °f KeIm" To hold to the said his Eir and,^gnCS and their iawful issue of the grantor and Stois sr,o^^»id ^ ^» miles°N.'ELofCSEas^ Retford' Y.e ^heWim^^ NC"S" ,6 who appears as a witness to No. 20. °f Kelum (Kelham. Notts.),
ALLINGTON 101 Witnesses : Hugh of Wymbish, Thomas Gosse, William Scurf John Richeman, Richard Wythur, Thomas Jankynson, John Lorde. Seal. Endorsed: Dominus T. Palmer Rector medietatis ecclesie de Seghbrok, Dominus Joh. Bowen, Hug. Kyrkby, Rob. Dalby. d h 1425-6, 20 Jan. \ Monday after the feast of St Alphege, B.M., 4 Hen. VI.) Grant and confirmation by William curth1 of Alyngton to John Scurth his son, of a messuage in Alyngton, and a bovate and 6 acres of arable land, and all the meadows, etc., in the fields of Alyngton to the said messuage belonging; the which messuage is situated between the tenement of the abbot and convent of Neubo on S. and that of Thomas Bate on N., and abuts upon lez Stanpittes towards W. and upon le Templegate towards E. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Richard Wyther, Thomas Bate, John Bugh-som, John Rycheman, William Kelme. Seal. 24. 1426, 21 Dec. [Saturday, the feast of St Thomas the Apostle, 5 Hen. 17.] Release and quitclaim by Robert Harrison of Alyngton to Thomas Gosse of Eyleston, all his right in a plot of meadow in the fields of Alyngton in the place called Herthewykesheng, between the meadow whilom of Thomas Doyly and the meadow whilom of Robert Geue. To hold of the chief lords of the fee, etc. Warrant. Witnesses : Robert Scurth, Thomas Kelme, Thomas Bate, Richard Wither, of Alyngton; John Sturdy, of Segbroke. Seal : oval. 25. 1429 [7 Hen. VI], 15 June. Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by John Scurth, son of William Scurth of Alyngton, to Thomas Wyght, chaplain, and Thomas Scurth of Alyngton, of 2 selions of arable land in the fields of Alyngton, viz. one upon Presthell next the land of John Denecortt, and the other upon Saltewelleforlang next the land of Hugh Byssyng.2 To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. 'Scrof, Scurf, Scurfe in previous charters. -See No. 12.
102 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: William Scurth, Thomas Bate, Thomas Jankynson, R,chard Wyther, William of Kelme, of Alyngton. Seal gone. 26 1429 [7fW U/.], 15 June. Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by Wi ham Scurth of Alyngton to Thomas Wight chaplain, and Thomas Scurth of Alyngton. of a messuage in Alyngton a bovate and six acres of land, and all the meadows, etc., in the fields of Alyngton appertaining to the said messuage; the which messuage is situate between the tenement of the abbot and convent of Nubo on the S„ and the tenement of omas Bate on the N., and abuts upon lez Stanpittes to the W and upon le Templegate to the E.1 To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William Scurth. Thomas Bate, Thomas Jankynson. Richard Wyther, William of Kelme, of Alyngton. Endorsed: vnum mesuagium cum vna bouata et sex acris terre. 27. 1433, II August [Second day after St Lawrence in auumn, en. VI.] Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by Ihomas son of John Alyngton of Helpston,2 to William Scurth of Alyngton. of 4 selions of arable land in the fields of Alyngton which the said Thomas had of inheritance after the death of his father. AX^arranty. Witnesses : Richard Scurth, Hugh Byssyng, William Goldisburch, William Kelme, Thomas Batte. Seal. 2j'n ' 43,l' ! ?r °Ct' fSafunday after the feast of St Wulfran, B. c" Grant and confirmation by William Scurth of Alyngton to Avice, late the wife of John Gilbert of roston, and to Isabel, daughter of John and Avice, of the 4 \Y7 n-ns i a\ }e land in the territory of Alyngton, which William lately had of the gift and feoffment of Thomas, son of John Alyngton of Helpeston, as appears by charter. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. boroulh^T?' 2Presumacb,y Helpston. Northants, 6 miles N.W. of Peter-had chanid it?"3"?6 W°S evidently given to a family which mentioned he- J M fr°42 Ellington to Helpston. The four selions Nos 9 and 11 ?Th 'el ^°S' ,may Possibly be those referred to in was the natron 1 f" , "r of,loCa interest- as 'be feast of St. Wulfran Grantham °f the churcb of the neighbouring town of
ALLINGTON 103 Witnesses: Thomas Bate, Richard Wyther, Richard Kelme, of Alyngton; John Somur, William Aleyn, of Foston. Endorsed : quattuor seliones in territorio. 29. 1434, 6 Nov. [Sf Leonard, B., 13 Hen. VI.] Long-benyngton. Grant and confirmation by Isabel Gylbert, daughter of John Gylbert of Foston, to Thomas Howes of Longbynyngton, chaplain, of those 4 selions of arable land in the territory of Alyngton, which the said Isabel lately had of the gift and feoffment of Avice her mother. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : John Smyth, William Smyth, William Sutton, Thomas Beuerege, of Longbenyngton. Two seals. 30. 1439, 24 Sept. [Monday after St Matthew, 18 Hen. VI.] Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by John Scurth of Alyngton to John Smyth of Segbroke, of a toft with a bovate and 6 acres of land in the fields of Alyngton; the which toft lies in Alyngton between the tenement of the abbot and convent of Neubo on S. and the vennel called Kyrkelane on N., and abuts upon the high way towards E. and upon Standpittis towards W.1 To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William Scurth, John Taylyor, Thomas Godeboy, William Wyther, William Rycheman. Seal (fragment). 31. 1441, 28 March [Tuesday after Annunciation of B.V.M. 19 Hen. VI.] Alyngton. Delivery, demise and confirmation by John Smyth of Segbroke to Richard Kellum of Alyngton and Richard Kellum his son, of a toft with a bovate and 6 acres of land in the town and fields of Alyngton; the which toft lies in Alyngton between the tenement of the abbot and convent of Neubo on S. and the vennel called Kyrkelane on N., and abuts on the high road to E., and upon Standpyttes to W. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: William Chapleyn, John Taylyer, William Wyther, Thomas Rycheman, William Lynwode, of Alyngton. Seal gone. •See Nos. 23, 26. The next two deeds refer to this same land.
If ! i : J] '• pit:;' • 1 ml ' . f. B 1/ h m . i "11 ii i f it 104 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS IQ3b l44!;,2,9 ^arcl1 tWed. after the Annunciation ofB.V.M 19 Hen VI, ] Alyngton. Release and quitclaim by William Scurth of Alyngton and Joan his wife to Richard Kelme of yngton and Richard Kelme the younger, of all their right fC" 'ui8 ,me®sVa8f in A'yngton and in a bovate and 6 acres of arable land in the fields of Alyngton; the which messuage les in Alyngton between the tenement of the abbot and convent of Neubo on S. and that of Thomas Bate on N., and abuts upon Stanpittes towards W. and upon Templegate towards E W arranty. Two seals I3) .,41' W Hen VI.], 20 Oct. Alyngton. Release and quitclaim by Thomas Howes of Longbenyngton, chaplain, to Richard Kelme of Alyngton the elder, of all his right, etc. in 4 sehons of arable land in the territory of Alyngton. which he lately_had of the gift and feoffment of Isabel Gilbert, daughter of John Gilbert of Foston.1 Witnesses : Nicholas Waltham, William Wethir, William Kase, I homas Godebowe, William Scurth. Seal. it34' J,4?3''3 Dec" lF"day after Conception of 22 Hen. VI. j Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by William e um o >ngton to Richard Kelum of the same, of a selion of arable land as it lies in the field of Alyngton, between the land of Richard Gobyn on N. and that of William Scurth on S. abutting eastward upon the land of the said William.2 To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William Wyther, Thomas Rycheman, Richard Bate, John Wryght, Richard Gobyn. Seal. JJa,1445, 18 °?- [ Won^y, the feast of St. Luke, 24 Hen. c j . yngt°"]1 Grarl and confirmation by Thomas Gosse of -yleston to William Tydde of Benyngton and William Mawger ot tJarston, of a plot of meadow in the fields of Alyngton, Nn"8?^ 3 P ace ca"ed Herthwykheyng [etc. as described in J • in exchange for 4 acres of meadow lying separately 'See No. 29 and Nos. 27, 28. 'See No. 21. "Barkston, Leics.
ALL1NGTON 105 in the fields of Stoke, co. Nott.1 To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warrant. Witnesses : William Scurff, John Tailliour, Ralph Othedenes, William Chappleyn, William Wyther, of Alyng-ton. Seal. Endorsed : Vna pecia prati vocati Herthwekheyng. 36. 1445, 18 Oct. Alyngton. Letters of attorney of Thomas Gosse of Eyleston, empowering Robin Gosse, his son, to deliver seisin of the above plot of meadow to William Tydde and William Mawger. Seal gone. 37. 1456, 8 Dec. Testament of Richard Kelme, sen., of Alyngton. He bequeaths his soul to Almighty God, blessed Mary and All Saints, and his body to be buried in the chapel of St. James of Alyngton.2 To the said church what shall be just by the name of mortuary. To the fabric of the said chapel, 3s. 4d. To the high altar of the said chapel, for tithes forgotten, 4d. To the mother church of Lincoln, 4d. To each boy of his son Richard, a mother ewe. To John, son of the said Richard, a cow. To every boy of William Wethere, a mother ewe. To his son William, his cart with all the harness and with two horses only. To the same William, his deatrum3 with the appurtenances. To brother William Ermen,4 20s. to pray for him. The residue of his goods, not bequeathed, he commits to the disposal of his executors, charging their consciences to do therewith as may be most expedient for his soul. Executors: Richard Kelme and William, his sons, and William Wethere, of Alyngton. Supervisor : sir Thomas Palmer, rector of Sewbroke. Witnesses : Nicholas Waltham, John Guddeyn, Richard Bate, of Alyngton. Endorsed : Note of proof and administration before the dean of Grantham5 in the prebendal church of Grantham, 12 Feb. [probably 1456-7]. 'East Stoke, the parish adjoining Elston (Eyleston) on N.W. 2See note on No. 9. 3Sic: possibly aratrum (plough), but the form is difficult to account for. 'A friar, or possibly a canon of Newbo abbey. 5I.e. the rural dean. The rectory of Grantham formed two prebends in the cathedral church of Salisbury.
106 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 38. 1463 [3 Eclw. IV], 14 June. Alvnetnn R„l J quitclaim by William Tydde of Benyngton and wSlLm Mawger of Barston to Richard Kelum of Alyngton. of all then right in a Plot of meadow in the fields of Alyngton, lying in a pace called Herthwykheyng [etc. as described in No 241 which they ately had of the gift and feoffment of Thomas Eyleston, in exchange [etc. as in No. 35]. iun ThthT 'J JomfsLRicchem?n, of Alyngton; John Scurff, Waltham ' : Smyth, °f Benyngton; Nicholas Two seals. fcssnr 'TfP °/?/i llr]an"lation °f St Edward, king and con-XX/-W uf Vr- Alyn^ton- Grant and confirmation by Will,am Harvy of Foston. to Richard Harvy his son. of a ^ Tt 3 Vate °f land and meadow in the town end fields of Alyngton, which lately descended to the grantor by hereditary right after the decease of Richard Harvy his father. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Thomas Alcok, Richard Gudbarne, Robert Gerard of boston; Hugh Kyrkeby, Nicholas Waltham, Robert Dalby, Thomas at Hyrne, of Alyngton. Seal. 40; 1466 [6 Edw.IV], 13 Oct. Letters of attorney of William Harvy of Foston to William Somur of Foston, em-L°7wnir J° deliver seisin to Richard Harvy- son of the said William Harvy, of a messuage with a bovate of land and meadow in the town and fields of Alyngton. Thorn 'H6 16 Eci?, uV]- 26 °Ct- Letters of attorney of homas Hugan of Wellyngowr.' empowering Thomas Palmar, _ • j^n. 0p-aTme| ° C^urc^ of Segbroke, to deliver a b t Kel,um of Alyngton, of a tenement and half by charter 2 meadow in Alyngton, as appears fully Round seal. KM 23 n/Vi" [^"nday °fter the feast of St Edmund, KM., 6 Edw. IV.] Alyngton. Delivery and demise by remTini!"80'6, Li"C8" betWeen Lincoln Grantham. >No charter
ALLINGTON 107 Thomas Smyth of Segbroke, son and heir of John Smyth, whilom of the same, deceased, to Henry Clyfton of Alyngton and Margery his wife, late the daughter of John Wryght of Alyngton, of half a bovate of land, lying in the fields of Alyngton, called Irneham land; the which John Smyth, the grantor's fathers, with others, had of the gift and feoffment of the said John Wryght in the fields aforesaid. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses: Nicholas Waltham, Thomas at Hyrne, Thomas Richeman, Hugh Kyrkeby, John Burton, of Alyngton. Round seal. 43. 1467-8 \7 Edw. IV], 14 Jan. Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Chace of Stathern to Thomas Richeman of Alyngton, of 38 selions of arable land, 3 doles (daylis), and 2 frushes (friscas) of meadow in the fields of Alyngton, viz. : 1 selion in the south field towards Muston,' next the land sometime of Thomas Raundalfe on S.; 1 selion in the same furlong, stretching upon the road called Twenegat', next the land of the said Thomas on S.; 1 selion in le Claysyke next the land of the said Thomas on N.; I selion upon le Reedis, between the land of Thomas Raundalfe on either side; and 1 selion next Botesforthgate,2 next the land of Robert Crispyng on W. And in le Southwestfeld 4 selions. viz. 1 next le Sykeforlong, next the land of Robert Crispyng on N.; I in the same furlong, next the land of Thomas Raundalfe on S.; 1 upon le Britlandis, next the land sometime of Roger Wymark on W.; and 1 upon Stan-acre, next the land of the abbot of Newbo on either side. Also in the Northwestfeld 7 selions, viz. 1 next Burswelgate, next the land of Roger Bernard on either side; 1 at Nethgatis, next the land of William Archer on E.; 2 at Harkynwell, next the land of Thomas Nobull on W.; I upon le long furlongis next the land of Robert Crispyng on E.; 1 upon le forlongis next Britlandgate, next the land of the abbot of Newbo on E.; and 1 in le furlongis below the same furlong, next the land of Thomas son of John on S. Also in the north field towards Benyngton 5 selions, viz. 1 upon Okulthorn, next the land of the abbot of Newbo on W.; I upon le Sykforlongis, next the land of Roger Caltofte on W.; 1 in the same furlong, next the land of Robert Crispyng on W.; 1 upon the headland of •In Leicestershire, W. of Sedgebrook. 2The road through the common fields to Bottesford, W.S.W. of Allington.
108 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS VT3i° «" M-m. «» .he j»d of Wfllfon, A,che, on S." Also in theToTh fcS S Kk T f \f I*18, V'2" in FoSt°n dale- next the 'and of the abbot of Newbo on S.; I in le Foston dale, next the land some-d ° Ytnv a, °n E-: the same furlong, next the ° \f ^rCLher °n N"; 1 upon le Gylthorn, next the the bkT if °n N"; 1 in Wholes, next the land of and f TL ofl' 1 in le Nethorfoxholes, next the and of Thomas Randolfe on W.; I in the same furlong, next he land of the church of the Holy Trinity of Alyngton on E i unity ui ^Aiyngcon on L,.;• upon bpikeacre, next the land of the abbot of Newbo on N.; and I in the same furlong, next the land sometime of Roger i. r. m . , 6' 11V-AL L11C sometime of Koger altofte on N. Also in the east field in le Iittelfeld 8 selions, nf; \ "POn re . jdojandes, next the land of Thomas undalfe on E.; 1 in le Fresky feris, next the land of the abbot of Newbo on the W.; one short selion (curtus selio) at Holmes dyke, next the land of Thomas son of John on W. and abut-tmg upon the land of Thomas Randolfe towards N.; 2 selions lying together, abutting upon le Holmesdyke, whereof one extends through two furlongs next the land of the abbot of Newbo on N.; I upon Harlandis, next the land of the church Segbroke on E.; I at Rennandsore, next the land of Thomas Kaundolfe on N ; and I upon le Berlandis, next the headland in S r ,°n N- And one rood of meadow, lying °r enge, next the meadow of Thomas Raundolfe on N. RaiindTf r°° w" Gsbenacre, next the meadow of Thomas the " °" ( n FaF an acre at Thynholmgate, next he meadow of Roger Wymarke on S. And one frush lies in « Stoksyke next the frush of William Archer on W. And one the H fS "r • C sam® P'ace- next the frush of the church of the Holy Trinity on E. With further grant and confirmation henVinthel Z ? A,^ PaS'Ure 'ying together in Herwyk-time of eoe!ds °f A1Vngton, between the meadow of some-Robert sT f°Mrt Dey"C,OUrtC- kt- °n S- and the meadow of £ t-l n^- , ?'j0n ' an<^ abutting upon le Beke towards had tocTth ' un?SLanK,meadoWS- etc" grantor lately and S 7n J°hn ™ch°1!' Perpetual vicaf of Howes" feoffment "f clerk, of the gift and 5&MSS, R wlllV0'Howe"cWl' T° kM Slefford"0'68 °n N°' 9' ZHose- "Heckington, Lines.. 5 miles S.E. of
ALLINGTON 109 Witnesses : Hugh Kyrkeby, John Scurthe, John Moote, Robert Dalby, John Burton. Seal (fragment). 44. 1472, 17 May [Whitsunday, 13 Edw. IV.] Alyngton. Letters of attorney of ^Villiam Danyel of Thorueton,' empowering Richard Kelom of Alyngton to deliver seisin in a messuage and a bovate of land, sometime of Thomas Hobard of Alyngton, as in a charter of feoffment is more fully mentioned. [Name of the person receiving seisin omitted.] Seal gone. 45. 1474 [14 Edw. IVj, 9 Oct. Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by Henry Clyfton, late of Alyngton, and Margery his wife to Richard Kelom of the same, of half a bovate of land, lying in the fields of Alyngton, called Irnehamland; the which they lately had of the gift and feoffment of Thomas Smyth of Segbroke, as appears by charter.2 To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warrant. Witnesses : Hugh Kyrkeby, Thomas Rycheman, Thomas at Hvrne, Nicholas Waltham, John Burton, of Alyngton. 46. 1474 [14 Edw. IV], 9 Oct. Acknowledgement of bond by Henry Clyfton, late of Alyngton, husbandman, to Richard Kelom of the same, in 40s. payable at Christmas next. Part of seal. Condition (endorsed): The said Richard and his heirs shall have and peaceably enjoy half a bovate of land in the fields of Alyngton called Irneham land. 47. 1476 [16 Edw. IV], 10 May. Grant and confirmation by Robert Blakwell of Segbroke, husbandman, to Thomas Palmer, rector of the church of Segbroke, sir William Lauforth, chaplain, and John Pykden, of a messuage in Alyngton with 4 selions in Capcroftes, on the N. side of Hawthorngate; and it abuts to W. on the king's way, and to E. upon divers selions of Thomas Awburne. Also gift of a bovate of arable land in the town and fields of Alyngton. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. 'Probably Thoroton, Notts., 8 miles S.W. of Newark, and about 6 miles W. of Allington. See No. 17. 2See No. 42.
110 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses : Hugh Kyrkeby, John Skurfe, Richard Kelym, Thomas Awburne, Robert Harby. Round seal. 48. 1480 [20 Edw. IV\, 19 April. Alyngton. Grant and confirmation by William Burton and Ellen his wife, and William Wright and Alice his wife, to Thomas Molyneux, Thomas Palmer, clerk, William Porter and Hugh Kyrkby, of that bovate of land in the territory of Alyngton which was of Thomas Richeman, the grandfather of Ellen and Alice. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses : Richard Kelom, William Petwyn, Thomas Basyngham, William Mason, Richard Skorfe. Three seals. 49. 1487, 16 Oct. Testament of William Schowrfe' of Alyngton. He bequeaths his soul to Almighty God, blessed Mary and All Saints, and his body to be buried in the churchyard of the parish chuich of the Holy Trinity of Alyngton. To the said church what shall be just by the name of mortuary. To the fabric3 of the mother church of Lincoln, half a quarter (sic). To the prior and convent of St Katherine's, Lincoln,3 6d. To the abbot and convent of blessed Mary of Newbo, 46s. 8d. 1 o the fabric of the church of the Holy Trinity of Alyngton, 2 quarters of barley. To the chapel of St James in the said town of Alyngton, half a quarter of barley. To the friars of Notyngham, 2 measures of barley. To the Austin friars of the city of Lincoln, 2 measures of barley. To Hugh Kyrkebe, I2d. lo Christopher Hepburne, 12d. To his mother, Alice Weodur,4 2 sheep. To his sister, Edith Wedur, L measures of corn. I o his daughter Elisabeth, 2 cows. To John Burton, a gown and a pair of leggings. To John Kellum a gown and a coat of armour. To John Kellum, 2 measures o barley. T he residue of his goods, not bequeathed, tc Agnes Schurfe his wife, whom he constitutes his executrix that she may dispose for the salvation of his soul as may besl seem good to her. Supervisors: Hugh Kyrkby anc Christopher Hepburne. Witnesses : Hugh Kyrkbe, William Burton, John Masse fundeorS^rft°- S3C-?uh- See N?3- 23' 25- etc- 2I-e. the permanent fabri, Linrnln \Y/ iT Sri°7, Gilbertine canons in the south suburb o this series of documents. ' N°' " "
ALL1NGTON 50. 1491-2 [7 Hen. VII], 15 Feb. Allyngton. Delivery demise and confirmation by Richard Kellome of Alyngton, husbandman, to Richard Kellome of Alyngton, his son, of a toft with a bovate and 6 acres of land, lying in the town and fields of Alyngton; the which toft lies in Alyngton between the tenement of the abbot of Newbo on S. and the vennel called Kyrkelane on N., and abuts upon the highway to E., and upon Sandpyttes to W.' To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Hugh Kerkeby, Robert Dawby, William Burton. Seal in black wax. 51. 1496 [12 Hen. Vll\, 4 Dec. Release and quitclaim by William Burton of Alyngton and Ellen his wife, one of the daughters and heirs of William Richeman, to Edmund Busche of Hogham,2 esq., of all their right in a bovate of arable land and meadow lying in the fields of Alyngton, called Janet thyng. Witnesses : Hugh Kyrkby, Robert Onyon, John Adlard, John Mascy, William Tempulman, of Alyngton. 52. 1496 [ 12 Hen. VII], 5 Dec. Grant and confirmation by Edmund Busche of Hogham, esq., to Richard Kelome of Alyngton, sen., John Adlard, and Robert Onyon of the same, of a bovate of arable land and meadow lying in the fields of Alyngton, called Janet thyng; which Edmund lately had of the gift and feoffment of William Burton of Alyngton and Ellen his wife, one of the daughters and heirs of William Richeman, late of Alyngton. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warrant. Witnesses : Hugh Kyrkby, Richard Scurff, Hugh Burton, John Mascy, William Tempulman, of Alyngton. Seal gone. Endorsed : vna bouata terre et prati vocata Janet lande. 53. 1479 [12 Hen. VII], 12 Aug. Writing of Thomas Foster, late of Bottesford, and Joan his wife, daughter and heir of Robert Blakwell, late of Sedgbroke, William Lauforth, chaplain, and John Pykden, releasing and quitclaiming to Richard 'See Nos. 23. 26, 30-32. 2Hougham lies N.E. of Allington and 6i miles N.W. of Grantham.
112 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Kelome of Alyngton, jun., all their right, title, etc. in a toft lying in Alyngton. with 4 selions lying in Capcroftes on the north side of Hawthorngate, and abutting W. on the king's way, and upon divers selions of Thomas Awburn to E. Also in a bovate of arable land lying in the fields of Alyngton. The which toft, etc., were of late of the said Robert Blakwell.1 In the which toft, etc., the said Richard Kelome now exists in full possession and seisin. Warranty. Witnesses : Hugh Kyrkby, John Kelome, John Masse, John Bate, Henry Dalby. Four seals. Endorsed : vna bouata terre et quatuor seliones vocate Blakewyslandes. 54. 1479 [ 12 Hen. VII], 12 Aug. Bond of 1 homas Foster of Byngham, co. Notts., shomaker, and Joan his wife to Richard Kelome of Alyngton, jun., in £10 of lawful money of England, payable at Michaelmas next following; to be void if Richard, by the said date, have peaceable seisin of a tofte, iiij ryggys and an oxe gange of arabull land lyeng in the town and feldys of Alyngton within sayd, the wyche tofte iiij ryggys and the oxegange were late Robard Blakwell of Segbroke.' [77ie condition endorsed.] Two seals. 55. 1505 [20 Hen. Vll], 10 May. Grant and confirmation by Ellen Burton of Alyngton, widow," in her pure widowhood, Thomas Burton her son, Stephen Dalby of Alyngton, Hugh Burton of the same and John Bate of the same, of all lands, etc., in the town and fields of Alyngton, which of late descended to her by hereditary right after the death of Thomas Richeman her grandfather, now deceased. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the use of the said Thomas Burton, her son, and his heirs. Warranty. Witnesses: John Massy, John Richeman, Robert Geff, obert Grawnt, William Caluer, Hugh Dalby, Robert Losko, of Alyngton. . 1512 [4 Henry VIII], 15 Dec. Acknowledgement of <Mnn Kellom of Alyngton to Richard Kellom, in 0, payable at the feast of the Purification next. in ,^.eRl^°j ^' ,"^ee Nos. 48, 51. This grant includes Ellen Burton's share in the lands and tenements described in No. 43.
ALL1NGTON 113 Condition (endorsed): the said Hugh shall pay to the said Richard 2s. 8d. at the said feast, and shall appear before George Chaworth, sheriff of Nottingham and Derby, when requested by the said Richard. 57. 1519-20 [// Hen. VIII), I Jan. Grant and confirmation by Richard Kellome of Alyngton, yoman, to John Shentall of Botesford, gent., and Roger Marshall of the same, yoman, of a toft with a bovate and 6 acres of land, with all other lands, etc., to the said toft appertaining, in the town and fields of Alyngton; the which toft lies between the tenement of the abbot and convent of Newbo on S. and the vennel called le Kyrke lane on N, and abuts upon the road to E. and upon Sande pyttes to W.1 To hold to their use and for the execution of the grantor s last will, of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Attorneys to deliver seisin : Robert Wynter, clerk, and Richard Kellome, son of the grantor, conjunctim et dioisim. Seal gone. 58. 1520 III Hen. VIII], 24 Nov. Release and quitclaim by Robert Graunt of Alyngton, husbandman, and John Graunt of the same, his son, to Richard Kelom of Alyngton and Robert Kelom of the same, of all actions real and personal, etc. Seal gone : simple queue. 59. 1520 [/2 Hen. VIII], 3 Dec. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Burton of Alyngton to Stephen Dalby of Muston, of all his lands, tenements, meadows, grazings, pastures and cottages in the town and fields of Alyngton.2 To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Robert Wynter, rector of Sydbroke;' Richard Kellom, Robert Graunt, of Alyngton. Endorsed : 'circumstantibus' : Robert Craschawe, William Caluer, Robert Kellom, Thomas Wynter, Stephen Kellom, John Swelles, Hugh Reynold, John Wynter, of Alyngton. 60. 1520 [ 12 Hen. VIII], 6 Dec. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Burton of Alyngton, husbandman, to Stephen Daby (sic) of Muston, co. Leices., gent., of all his lands, etc., in 'See Nos. 23, 26, 30-32, 50. 2See No. 55. 'Sedgebrook.
114 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Alyngton; and of a cottage, together with all other lands, etc., which he has in Alington in reversion after the decease of Ellen Burton of Alyngton, his mother, or which he holds by right of inheritance after her decease or that of any other person. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Hugh Reylond,1 Robert Hunt, Robert Kellome. Endorsed : ' circumstantibus ' : Robert Crawschawe, William Caluer, Robert Kellom, 1 homas Wynter, Stephen Kellom, John Swelles, Hugh Reynold. 61. 1520 [12 Hen. VIII], 6 Dec. Bond of Thomas Burton of Alyngton, husbandman, to Stephen Dalby of Muston, in 20 marks sterling, payable at Christmas next following; to be void if Stephen by the said date have peaceable possession and seisin delivered to him by 1 homas, of the lands, tenements, etc., in Alyngton, as specified in a deed of the above date. 62. 1523-4 [15 Hen. V 111], 5 Jan. Release and quitclaim by William Caluer of Alyngton to Thomas Harby, son and heir of Richard Harby, of his right in a messuage which he, together with 1 homas Burton, late of Alyngton, deceased, had of the gift and feoffment of Richard, and of which d homas Harby is now in full and peaceful possession. Round seal. 63. 1523-4 [15 Hen. VIII], 30 Jan. Grant and confirmation, for money paid in hand to the grantor by Simon Fitzrichard, kt., by I homas Harby of Alyngton, son and heir of Richard Harby, late of Foston, to the said Simon, John Fitzrychard and William Ardern, of his messuage in Alyngton, which William Caluer, together with Thomas Burton, deceased, lately had of the gift and feoffment of the said ichard, and their right in which they released to the said 1 homas, as appears by charter, dated 5 Jan., 15 Hen. VIII.2 o hold of the chief lords, etc., to the use of the said Simon, his heirs and assigns. V^arranty. Round seal. 1Sic : for Reynold. 2See No. 62.
ALL1NGTON 115 64. 1523-4 [15 Hen. VIII], 18 March. Indenture [English] of bargain and sale by Elizabeth Dalbye, widow, late the wife of Stephen Dalbye of Muston, co. Leices., and by Harry Dalby, son and heir of the said Stephen and Elizabeth, to William Wigston the younger of Leycestre, merchant of the staple of Calais, of all their lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Alyngton, late given to them by the feoffment of Stephen Dalbye aforesaid.1 Estate to be made before Easter. Agreements for transfer of tenants and delivery of title-deeds. Discharge of all former bargains, etc., except chief rents to the lord of old time accustomed. 1 he said William pays £10 to the said Elizabeth and Harry, of which £5 is paid at the sealing of these indentures, and the remainder is due at the feast of Philip and Jacob next after the date of these presents. 64A. Counterpart of same indenture. 64B. A third copy. One seal (broken). 65. 1523-4 [15 Hen. VIII], 18 March. Acknowledgment of bond by Elizabeth Dalby, widow, late the wife of Stephen Dalby, late of Muston, co. Leycester, and Henry Dalby, son and heir of the said Stephen and Elizabeth, to William Wigston the younger, merchant, etc., in £20, payable at the feast of St. John Baptist. Two seals. Condition (endorsed) : peaceful enjoyment by the said William of all such land as he bought of the same Elizabeth and Henry, and fulfilment of conditions expressed in a pair of indentures bearing date 18 March 15 Hen. Vill. 66. 1523-4 [15 Hen. VIII], 20 March. Leycester. Grant and confirmation by Elizabeth Dalbye, widow late the wife of Stephen Dalbye of Muston, co. Leices., and by Henry son and heir of the said Stephen and Elizabeth, to William Wigston jun., of Leycester, merchant of the staple of Calais, master Thomas Wigston, clerk, William Gillot, clerk and Robert Clerk of Croxton, of all the messuages, cottages, lands etc., which the said grantors have in the town and fields of 'See Nos. 55, 59-61.
CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Allyngton. lo hold of the chief lords, etc., to the said William, Thomas, William and Robert, and the heirs and assigns of the same VFilliam VOgston. Warranty. Appointment of Richard Fynye and Thomas Dawkyns to enter the premises and take seisin, and deliver the said seisin to the grantees. Two seals. Endorsed: (I) Carta de Alyngton; (2) Thes persons folowyng wer present at the possession takyng : sir Robert Wynter, parson of Sidbruke, William Rychman of Alyngton, Jhon Jelebrand, Robert Jelebrand, Richard Rycheman, and many odir. 67. 1523-4 [15 Hen. K///], 22 March. Bottysford. Release and quitclaim by Ralph Calcrofte, Hugh Masyngberd, and £ ^/'ncent Bottysford, co. Leices., at the instance of Elizabeth Dalbye, widow, late the wife of Stephen Dalby of Muston, and of Henry Dalbye, son and heir of the said Stephen, to William Wigston, of all their right in all the messuages, cottages, lands, etc., in the town and fields of A lyngton, which, together with the said Elizabeth, they ately had of the gift and feoffment of the said Stephen. Two seals : the third gone. 68. 1524 [16 Hen. VIII], 2 Sept. Alington. Release anc quitclaim by Robert Wryght, son and heir of Alice Wryght t e daughter and heir of William Richeman, to Richarc Kellome of Alyngton, sen., and Richard Kellome of the same, jun., of ail his right in all that bovate of land in Alyngton called Jenet land.1 Warranty. Witnesses : Francis Hall, esq., Hugh Massyngberd. \J??C}0rSe^ : Enrolled in the court of the duke of Suffolk at Wilsford, 19 Oct., 16 Hen. VIII. 69. 1524 [16 Hen. VIII], 4 Sept. Grant and confirmation Wll w Richard, kt„ of Segbroke, co. Line., to 1 lan} Wigston, jun., merchant of the staple of Calais, master 1 homas Wigston, clerk, and Robert Clerke of Croxton, for 4.5 13s. 4d. paid in hand by the said William, of a messuage with all lands, etc., in the town and fields of 'See Nos. 51. 52.
ALLINGTON 117 Alyngton, which the said Symon, together with John Fitz Richard and William Arderne, lately purchased of the gift and feoffment of Thomas Harvie of Alyngton.1 To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the said William, Thomas and Robert, their heirs and assigns, to the need and use of the said William Wigston and his assigns. Warranty. Appointment of Sir Robert Wynter, rector of Alyngton, as the grantor's attorney to take and deliver seisin. Seal. 70. 1524 [ 16 Hen. VIII], 8 Sept. Release and quitclaim by John Fitzrichard and William Arderne to William Wigston, jun., of Leicester, merchant of the staple of Calais, master Thomas Wigston, clerk, and Robert Clerke of Croxton, of all their right in a messuage with all its appurtenances in the town and fields of Alyngton; the which, together with Symon Fitzricharde, they had of the gift and feoffment of Thomas Harvie of Alyngton. Two seals. 71. 1525 [17 Hen. Vim. 8 Oct. Leycester. Grant by William Wigston, jun. of Leycester, merchant of the staple of Calais, to master Thomas Wigston, clerk, Roger Wigston, Richard Reynold, William Gillott, clerk, Robert Harwar, Edward Beyr, John Westas, Roger Gillot, Nicolas Reynolde, Ranulph Wood. Thomas Hynde, Robert Davye, and Robert Clercke of Croxton, of a messuage with all lands, etc in the town and fields of Alington, which the said William Wigston lately purchased of the gift and feoffment of Simon Htz-Rychard, kt., of Segbrok, co. Line. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the use of sir William Fyshar and sir Richard Walshe, chaplains of the hospital of the said William Wigston in Leycester, and the poor of the same, for the term of sixty years, with reversion to the use of the said William Wigston, for the performance and execution of his last wih and free disposal. Warranty. Appointment of Richard Fynye and Thomas Dawkyns as attorneys to take and deliver seisin of the premises. Seal. Endorsed (later hand): Alyngton. ^ee Nos. 62, 63.
118 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 72. 1525 [17 Hen. VIII], 8 Nov. Leycester. Release and quitclaim by Thomas Wigston, clerk, and Robert Clercke of Croxton, at the instance of William Wigston, jun., of Leycester, to Roger Wigston, Richard Reynold, Robert Harwar, Edward Beyr, John Westas, Roger Gyllot, Nicholas Reynold, Ranulph Wood, Thomas Hynde and Robert Dauye, of all their right in a messuage, with all the lands, etc., thereto appertaining in the town and fields of Alington; the which, together with the said William Wigston, they lately had of the gift and feoffment of Simon FitzRichard, kt., of Segbroke, co. Line. Two seals. Endorsed: Relaxacio de Alyngton. 23- '-^6 [18 Hen. VIII], 29 Sept. Release and quitclaim by Richard Kellome of Alyngton the younger, to Richard Kellome of Alyngton the elder, of all his right in all that bovate of land in Alyngton called Jenet lenis.1 Seal. 74. 1526-27 [18 Hen. VIII], 22 Feb. Leicester. Letters of attorney of William Wigston of Leicester, jun., merchant of the staple of Calais, empowering Richard Fynye and Thomas awkyns, jointly and severally, to enter in all his messuages, ands, etc., in the towns and fields of Foston, Alyngton and arlaston, co. Lincoln, and, having taken, to deliver seisin ' vie<\Y/'n- c^aP'a'ns an<^ poor folk of the hospital of the sai William Wigston, or to their attorney or attorneys, to0!0/ '° e^ec' °f Lis charter bearing date 21 Feb. 18 Hen. V III. Per me Willelmum Wygston juniorem leycestrie manu propria. Seal with shield of William Wigston (a perfect impression) 75. 1528 [20 Hen. VIII], 20 June. Demise, delivery and con rrnation by John Shentall of Bottesforde, gent., and er Marshall of the same to Richard Kellome of Alyngton, sen., an Robert Kelome of the same, his son, of a toft with ovates and 6 acres of land, lying in the town and fields of 'See Nos. 51, 52, 68.
ALLINGTON 119 Alyngton, between the tenement of the abbot and convent of Neubo on S. and the vennel called le Kirke lane on N., and abutting on the common way to E. and upon Sande pyttys to W.; the which John and Roger had of late of the gift and feoffment of the said Richard Kellome, to the use of the said Richard, as appears by charter.1 To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the use of the said Robert Kellome and the heirs male of his body lawfully begotten; with remainder successively to Adam Kellome and Stephen Kelome, and their legitimate heirs male. per me Johannem Schentall. Two seals. Endorsed; Witnesses : Thomas Meres, William Calver, William Rycheman, John Robynson, William Dawby, Thomas Burton, of Alyngton. 76. 1529 [21 Hen. VIII], 20 Dec. Indenture of bargain and sale by Rychard Kyllam the elder of Alyngton to William Wigston the younger of Leicestre, marchaunte of the staple of Calice, of the said Richard's messuage in Alyngton, with all the lands, etc., pertaining to the same within the town and fields of Alyngton or elsewhere. Estate to be made before the feast of the Purification next following. Discharge of all former bargains, etc. Agreement to deliver title-deeds, etc^ The said William promises to pay £54. of which £24 are paid on the day of making of these presents, and the remaining £30 shall be paid at the feast of the Purification aforesaid. Seal. 76A. Counterpart of above, with signature of William Wygston. 77 1529 [21 Hen. VIII], 20 December. Bond by Richard Kyllam of Alyngton to William Wigston, jun., of Leicester, merchant of the staple of Calais, in £100, payable at the feast of the Purification of B.V.M. Condition (endorsed): the fulfilment of the terms of a pair of indentures of the above date. Seal. 1See No. 57.
120 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS U 7R" VUl^' 22 Dec' Grant and confirmation by Richard Kyllam, sen., of Alyngton to William Wigston jun., of Leicester merchant of the staple of Calais, Thomas Wigston. clerk, William Gillot, clerk, and Robert Clarcke of Croxton, yoman, of a messuage in the town of Alyngton, with all the lands, etc., thereto appertaining in the town and fields w m T° °f tlle cilief lords- etc-- to the sa>d William, Thomas, William and Robert, to the need and use of the said William Wigston. Warranty. Appointment of Richard Walsche. clerk, and Gregory Saltfford, to take and deliver seisin of the premises. Seal. Endorsed : Witnessis at possession takenge, Sir Robert Wynter, prest, Robert Losscoo, yoman, William Richmonde, housbondman, and Hugh Reynold, yoman. , ' 529-30 [21 Hen. VIII], 29 Jan. Release and quitclaim by Robert Kyllome, jun., of Alington, yoman, to William Wigston, jun., of Leicester, merchant of the staple of Calais, ° 3 , 'n a messuage with its appurtenances in the town and fields of Alyngton. Witnesses: Gregory Saltfford, Richard Walsche, clerk, Kichard Blake, AVilliam Bennet. Per me Robertum Kellome. Seal. 80. '530 [21 Hen. VIII], 31 March, Leycester. Release fV aim Hugh Kellam of Alyngton, son and heir of Jo n e am, deceased, to William Wigston, jun., merchant \Y/ I l stai? ° Calais, Thomas Wigston and Richard a sc e, c erks, of all the right in the messuages, lands, e c m t e town and fields of Alyngton, which lately were of Richard Kellam, the said Hugh's uncle, in Alyngton, and which the said Richard Kellam lately sold to the said William. Seal. i ^p. p il^ Hen. VIII], 3 Dec. Release and quitclaim i • 'C ar y' Richard Hardy, late of Foston, co. r p"', .° f nJT Wigeston, jun., merchant of the staple • aiS' ° a . 8 r'sht in a messuage and a bovate of land him W sa'd William has lately purchased of
ALLINGTON 121 Witnesses : John Gye, William Richeman, Hugh Reynold. Seal. 82. N.d.1 Mtr Browne 1 hartely recommennde me unto you & haue sende to you by this berer a dede whyche 1 have devised ffrom Mtr Thomas Wigston & also a letter of attorney which 1 haue devised for suche persons as shalbe attorneys for you & your hospitall to receyve seison And ye must remember that John Holdham or Rychard ffynnys must delyuer seyson in euery part of the landis in Alyngton ffoston or Harlaston in the countye of Lyncoln in the name of all the landis tenementis & hereditamentis conteynyd in the sayd dede made frome the sayd mtr Thomas Wigston accordyng to the effect of the same dede And lyke wyse lyuere of seison to be delyueryd in the countye of Leycestre in the landis in Norton or Bowdon in the sayd countye of Leycestur in the name of all the landis tenementis & hereditamentis conteynyd in the sayd dede & accordyng to the effect of the said dede / & thys lyuere of seyson must be delyueryd to John Rede clerke or William Tayllour as attorneys for you & your hospitall to receyve seison of the premysses And before eny lyuere of seyson be made mtr Thomas Wigston must delyuer this sayd dede as his dede to the said John Holdam & Rychard ffynnys or to one of them And ye in like maner after ye have sealyd your letter of attorney with your comen seale & before eny lyuere of seison delyueryd must delyuer the said letter of attorney as a dede made ffrome the chapleins & poore ffolx of William Wigston in the towne of leycestur in the countye of leycestre / I tolde yow the maner & fourme of the lyuere & seison the last tyme that I spake with you / lett certeyn of your secrett & substancyall ffrendis be pryvey to thys lyuere of seyson to be made in either of the sayd countyes or shyres & to be made as secretly as ye can for sum causes that I can tell you at our next metyng 1 pray you make my recommendacions to my lady Wigston 1 hus our lorde god haue you all in his kepyng ffrome Grays in the Sonday next before Candelmas day. iTV,;. letter and No. 82A, relating to the property of the hospital in A11. . j ether olaces are addressed to Walter Browne, chaplain of Albngton and other places, Edmund Molyneu*. the London lawyer, to the hospital, pp y tat,jne seisin of the lands had been entrusted. TtTdt "1SS i»l* o.°S,Sr Thomai WW™ ..J Wigston's widow were still living. I.e. Grays Inn.
122 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 82A. [/N another hand.] First mtr Thomas Wigston to seale hys dede & to delyuer it as hys dede to John Holdham or Richard ffynnys. Then your letter of attorney to be sealyd with your comen seale & to be delyueryd for a dede to John Reede or William Taylour. After that lyuerey of season to be delyueryd in ether of the seyd shyris as is before writton & thys must be secretly don for if the lordis of whom the landis be holdeyn do knoo they may make troble or cause you lose your landis iff they be not agreyd wyth before By your loffyng ffrend Edmund Molyneux. Endorsed. Norton : Sir Wylliam mounke of Galbe. John Dane the helthar I off Da,be John Dane the yonger ' Thomas . At Alyngton. Hen. Renolde Thomas Fyshar of Foston Johan Thorpe of Sielbe. Wylliam Thorp of Quonyburow Rychard Gye off Redmeyll II. BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR. 83. N.d. Grant and confirmation, with quitclaim by Ralph, son of William Biscop of Barkiston, to Ralph, son of Geoffrey Chaweny,' of a selion of arable land in the territory of Barkiston, lying upon le Blakeland, between the land of Gilbert Seman and that sometime of John Dode, and abutting upon the headland of sir Ralph of Arnhale. To hold, etc., rendering yearly to the grantor, his heirs or assigns, a silver halfpenny at Easter for all secular service. Warranty against all men and women, Christians and Jews. Witnesses : William of Blida, William Chaweny, John eringer, William Hardy, Henry le Graunt, Gilbert Seman. Seal gone. R ^ -1J2 ^ Grant and confirmation by master Robert of a mud to Joan his sister, for her service, of that toft in the jnstit<Mt,.^,aV,fLne^T. !'e'r Master Robert of Redemilde was p 143) Withcote, Leices., 26 May 1263 (Rot. Gravesend,
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 123 town of Barkiston which the said Robert bought of William of Herdeby, and of all the land which he bought of the same in the territory of Barkiston, and of all his right and claim which he had or may have in the same toft and land, with the meadows, etc., thereto pertaining, within and without the same town. To hold of the grantor or his assigns to Joan, her heirs or assigns, to whomsoever in health or in sickness, or in what state of body soever, she will give, sell, bequeath or assign the same, except to men of religion or to the Jewry; rendering therefor a penny at Easter for all service, etc., save foreign service. Warranty. Witnesses: Sir Theobald of Bellus, Ralph of Arnal, William of Beruby in Barkiston, William Hardi, William of Blithe William Chauene, Geoffrey Chauene. Roger Spenser, John son of Roger, Robert his brother, John Berenger, Roger, then vicar of Barkiston.1 Seal gone. Endorsed (later) : Et faciendum seruicium debitum et consuetum capitalibus dominis feudi : istud deest in cart. 85 N d Grant and confirmation by William son of Symon of Tytheby to William of Blithe and Alice his wife, of two selions of arable land in the territory of Barkiston : to wit one beyond Maniwellegate, which is called Martoc, with the' herbage at the head of the said selion; and the other upon Godiuehauedlond, next the land of Henry e Grant To hold of the grantor and his heirs to the said William and Alice and their heirs or assigns, to whomsoever or whensoever, whether in health or in sickness, or in whatsoever estate they be, they will give, sell, bequeath or assign the premises, freely etc., and in heritage, men of religion and the Jewry excepted, rendering therefore yearly to the said grantor or his heirs a penny at the feast of St. Botolph. for all secular service, etc. Witnesses: Sir Ralph of Arnal; William Hanselin, William Hardi, William Chaueney, Roger Spenser, John Beren [ger], Robert his brother. Pointed oval seal ; S' WlLL. . DE . TYTHEBY
- "!1
124 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 86. N.d. Grant and confirmation by John le Machun1 of Plungar to William le Warner and Luce his wife, of four selions of arable land in the territory of Barkeston, with herbages and appurtenances; whereof one lies at le Castelgate, between the land of William Hardy and that of Osbern Snellyng; and another abuts into Castelgate, between the land of Walter Hounfrey and that of Gilbert Seman; and the third lies upon Hongirhil, between the land of Walter Hounfrey and that of Robert son of Roger; and the fourth lies upon le rivefurlong, between the land of John Beringer and that of Osbern Snellyng. To hold to the said William and Luce in survivorship, to whomsoever and whensoever they will give, sell or bequeath at their last hour or assign the premises, freely, etc., and in heritage, rendering therefor yearly to the said grantor and his heirs a silver penny at Easter for all secular service, etc. Warranty. And, if it happen that the said grantor or his heirs will not warrant the premises to the said William and Luce and their heirs, they shall make to the same William and Luce an exchange in the field of Plungar in as suitable a place. Witnesses : ^ir Richard of Bellehus; Richard of Bernak; William of Blyda; William of Chaueney; John Beringer, Peter Tredgold, warrener, Henry le Graunt. Seal gone. ^n- ' Grant and confirmation by William le Warner, dwelling in Stoke de Aubeny,2 and Lucy his wife, to sir Simon the chaplain of Denton, perpetual vicar of Barkeston,3 of four selions of arable land in the territory of Barkeston, with their erbages and appurtenances : whereof one lies at le Castelgate between the land of William Hardy and that sometime o s ern Snelling; and another abuts into Castelgate, between the land of Walter Hounfrey and that sometime of i ert Seman; and the third lies upon Hungerhil between the land of Walter Humfrey and that of Robert son of Roger; } e olJr es uP°n le Fyuefurlong with herbages, between the land of John Beringer and that of Osbern Snelling. To o to t em and their heirs and assigns, to whomsoever they wi give, se 1, or in their last hour bequeath or assign the premises, of the grantors and their heirs freely, etc., and in thane22IMarch, ]272-3.NoV™* 39 k'"
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 125 heritage, rendering therefor to John le Machun of Plungard, his heirs or assigns, a silver penny at Easter. Warranty. Witnesses : Sir Richard of Bellehous; Richard of Bernach; William of Blyda; John Beringer, William son of John, Henry le Graunt, William Chaueny. Seal gone. 88. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Simon of Denton, vicar of Barkiston, to Alesia of Langer,1 daughter of William of Herteby, of five selions lying in the fields of Barkiston, to wit, a selion upon Hungiril next the land of Walter Humfrey, a selion upon le Fifourlong, abutting upon le Bek next the land of John Beringer, a selion abutting upon le [Cast]ilgate next the land of John son of Gilbert, a selion in le Dritilkir next the land of William of Bernake, and a selion abutting upon le Castilgate next the land of William Hardy.2 To hold of the said Simon and his heirs to the said Alesia, her heirs and assigns, to whomsoever and when and wheresoever she will give, sell, bequeath or assign the premises, whether in health or in sickness, freely, quit, in heritage, well and in peace, rendering therefor yearly to the lord prior of Beuuer a penny on Easter day for all secular services, suits of court, scutages, wards, reliefs, actions and demands. Warranty. Witnesses : John Beringer of Barkiston, William of Beruby, William son of John, William Hardy, Henry le Graunt, Peter le Warner, Robert Chaueney. Seal gone. 89. N.d.3 Grant and confirmation by Joan Dalyens (?)4 of Barkestun to Alice (A lesie) of Langard of a selion of arable land in the fields of Barkeston, lying upon le Frome next the land of John Bug' and abutting upon Redemildga. To hold of the chief lord, etc., rendering therefor a halfpenny at Easter for all secular services, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William Bernak, William of Brinhirst, John Bug', William of Beruby, William son of John, Henry Grant, Richard the clerk. Piece of seal. 1Langar, Notts. 2The land includes the four selions of Nos. 86, 87. The selion in 'le Dritilkir* is not accounted for in previous charters. 3This and Nos. 90-92 are later than 1290. 4The name is doubtful. Joan 'le Walyand occurs in No. 95.
126 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 90. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Alice Brown of Barkeston to John the miller, her daughter's husband, of a messuage and a selion in the croft adjoining the said messuage in the town of Barkeston. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : John son of Walter of Barkeston; John son of Peter, William Chaueny, Robert Chaueny, of Barkeston; Ralph Hardy. Seal gone. 91. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Robert, son of Geoffrey Chaueney of Barkystun, to Alice, daughter of William of Herdeby, dwelling in Barkystun, of a selion of arable land in the field of Barkystun, lying between the land which William of Blithe sometime held of the church, and the land of Hugh, son of Robert Beringer, and abutting upon le Brod-gate. To hold of the chief lord of the fee, doing yearly for the said selion to the same chief lord a root of ginger at the feast of St John Baptist for all secular services, suits of court, scutages, wards, reliefs, actions and demands, freely, quit, in heritage, well and in peace, to whomsoever and whensoever she will give, sell, bequeath at the last or assign the premises. Warranty. Witnesses : John Beringer, William of Beruby, William Hardi, William son of John, Henry Graunt, Richard the clerk. Seal gone. 92. N.d. [Indented] grant and confirmation by Alice of Langer in Barkiston to sir William of Bernache, of two selions abutting into Brodegate next the land of sir Payn, in exchange for half an acre upon Kaldewellefurlong next the land sometime of Robert Amy. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William of Brenhurst, John Beringer, John son of Walter, of Barkiston; Bartholomew of Pilton in Plun-garth, Robert Houder of the same, Roger Wade of Bottelis-ford. Seal. 93. 1292, 18 June [Wed. before the Nativity of St John Baptist, 20 Edw. /.] Grant by Hugh, son of Robert of
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 127 Barkestona,1 to Alice of Langer, of a half acre of arable land in the fields of Barkestona, lying upon le Langfurlong next the land of John Beringer, abutting upon the headland of William of Bernak. To hold of the chief lord of the fee to the said Alice, her heirs or assigns, or to whomsoever and whensoever she will give, sell, bequeath or assign the premises, freely, quit, well, in peace and in heritage, for ever, doing therefor to the same lord of the fee the services due and accustomed. Warranty. Witnesses : William of Brininghirst in Barkestona, John Beringer, William Hardi, William of Berubi, William son of John, of the same. Seal. 94. 1293, 30 Nov. [Sf Andrew, 22 Edw. /.] Grant and confirmation of Hugh, son of Robert son of Roger, to Alice of Langard, of a selion of arable land in the fields of Barkeston, lying towards Plungard next the land of John Beringer, and abutting upon le Brodgate. To hold of the chief lord of the fee by the services therefor due and accustomed, to the said Alice, her heirs or assigns, to whomsoever or whensoever she will give, sell, bequeath or assign the said selion, freely and quietly, in heritage, well and in peace, rendering therefor yearly to the same chief lord a root of ginger at the feast of St John Baptist, for all secular services, suits of court, actions and demands. Warranty. Witnesses : William Beringer, William of Brunhirst, John Beringer, William of Beruby, William Hardy. Seal. 93. 1294, 18 April [Easier, 22 Edw. /.] Grant and confirmation by Roger, son of Hugh the chaplain of Barkystun, to Alice of Langerd, daughter of William of Herddeby, dwelling in Barkystun, of a selion of arable land in the field of Barkystun, lying upon le Stonis between the land of Joan le Walyand and that of William Hardei and abutting upon Redemeldgate. To hold of the chief lord of the fee to the said Alice, her heirs and assigns, doing therefor yearly to the same chief lord a silver farthing at Christmas for all secular services, suits of courts, actions and demands, and likewise the other services 'Hugh son of Robert Beringer: see No. 91.
128 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS due and accustomed, freely, quit, entirely, in heritage, well and in peace, to whomsoever or whensoever they will give, sell, bequeath at the last, or assign the said selion. Warranty. Witnesses : William of Brunhirst of Barkyston, John Beringer, William of Beruby, William Hardy, William son of John, Henry Graunt, William Chaueny, John son of Gilbert, Richard the clerk. Fragment of seal. 96. 1298-9, II Jan. [Sunday after Epiphany, 27 Edw. /.] Grant and confirmation by Robert of Kybword1 in Barkeston to Thomas, son of Ralph Pilet of Barkestun, and Pernell his wife in survivorship, their heirs and assigns, of two selions of arable land in the territory of Barkistun, viz. one upon le Hovlholm next the land of William Samsonis, and the other upon Hungirhill Hefdis at one head on the south side of the mill of the said William, next the land of William Samsun. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Sir Thomas de Belhus, William of Bernak, William of Brininghirst, John son of Walter, William of Beruby, Richard le Long of the same. Seal gone. 97. 1311,21 April [ Wed. before St Mark Evan. 4 Edw. //.] Barkyston. Grant and confirmation by Robert of Kybburthe of Barkyston to Thomas Weynum le Dexter2 of Hauerberg3 and Avice his wife and Geoffrey his son, for a certain sum of money paid in hand, of four acres of his arable land in the fields of Plunger, whereof two roods lie jointly upon Thuer-londes (?) next the land of John Cade on N., and three roods upon a selion at les Dammes next the land of Elen le Houdere on W., and a rood and a half at Herdebigate4 extending upon the headland of Robert of Plunger next the land of Elen le Houdere on W., and half an acre of land in le Longehay next the land of Bartholomew of Pulton on E., and half an acre in le Schortehay next the land of Richard le Houdere on N., and a rood and a half beyond Statherennegate5 next the land of Gerboud of Herdeby on S., and a rood upon Stone-neshyl extending into Statherennegate next the land of William Dam on W., and a rood and a half at Gosecroft next _JKib worth. 2I.e. the dyer. 'Market Harborough. 4The road to Harby. 5The road to Stathern.
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 129 the land of Robert of Crophyl on E. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Robert le Houdere; John son of Hugh of Plunger; Geoffrey of Beruby, William le Graunt, of Barkyston; Geoffrey Fleming of Hauerberg', Richard of Smeton of the same; Reynald the clerk. Seal gone. 98. 1311, II Nov. [Thurs. St Martin, 5 Edw. II.] Hauer-berge. Indenture of delivery and demise by Thomas Waynum, dexter, of Hauerberge, Avice his wife and Geoffrey their son, to Robert of Kybburthe of Barkyston, of those four acres of land in the fields of Plunger which the said Robert gave and chartered to them. To hold for the term of his life of the said grantors and their heirs, rendering them yearly therefor a rose flower at the Nativity of St John Baptist for all services, and to the chief lords of the fee the services due and accustomed. Warranty. Witnesses : Nicholas of Pidele, Richard of Smeton, Adam Andreu, Richard Cristien, Reynald the clerk. Seal gone. 99. 1311-2, 13 Jan. [Saf. after St Hilary the confessor, 5 Edw. II.] Barkeston. Grant and confirmation by Alice of Langar, daughter and heir of William of Herdeby in Barke-stona, in her lawful power, to Robert her brother, dwelling in Thingdeyn1, of all her lands of whatever fee, with herbages and all their appurtenances, lying in the fields of Barkeston and Plungart, even as they are contained in her charters of feoffment2, without any reservation. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William of Huntigdun in Bottilsford3; John Beringer, William Chaueney, John son of Walter, of Barkeston; Geoffrey of Beruby in the same. Seal gone. 100. 1317, 25 April [St Mark's day, lOEdw. II.] Barkeston. Grant and quitclaim by Robert Lound of Barkeston to William Grraunt (sic), jun., of Barkeston, of his right in four acres of land in the field of Plungarth, which the said Robert 1Finedon, Northants. 2See Nos. 88, etc. 3Bottesford.
130 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS held for the term of his life of Thomas Waynun, dexter, of Hauerberge1. Witnesses : William Breinghirst, Geoffrey Beruby, John son of William, William Graunt, of Barkeston. Seal gone. 101. 1339-40, 13 Feb. [Sunday, St Edward the Martyr\ 14 Edw. III.] Barkeston. Release and quitclaim by William Carpenter of Barkeston, with the assent and consent of Ydonea his wife, to Thomas of Blyth (de Blyda), of all actions, wrongs, trespasses, etc., by reason of waste made in houses, etc., in the town of Barkeston. Seal gone : simple queue. 102. 1340, 23 Aug. [Wed. before Decollation of St John Baptist, 14 Edw. ///.] Barkeston. Grant and confirmation by Robert of Berughby ', chaplain, to William his son and Simon his [William's] brother, of two messuages and a bovate ol arable land and 8s. rent in Barkeston. To hold of the chiel lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Thomas son of Walter of Barkyston, Williarr Hankoc, William Ledbyr, John Willelmi of Dorad (sic), Johr son of Alice. Seal gone. 103. 1341, 6 May [Sf John before the Latin gate, 15 Edw III.] Barkeston. Remise and quitclaim by Joan Hauncelyn o Barkeston, in her free power, to Robert Beruby of Barkeston chaplain, of all her right in a toft with a croft, in a bovate o land, and in 13s. yearly rent in the town of Barkeston, am of five swathes of meadow in the warren en le Slade next th meadow of William Hauncelyn, the which premises the sam Robert Beruby previously purchased of Robert Houder o Plungarth and Joan his wife. Witnesses : William son of Henry, John son of William Roger Hardy, John the clerk. No seal. 103A. Another copy, written upon the back of wht appears to be a piece of a court-roll, now much faded. 1See No. 98. Robert Lound was apparently identical with Robert < Kibworth. -Marcii wrongly written for martyris. 3Barrowby, Lines.
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 131 104. 1347, 25 April [ Wednesday, St Mark, the Evangelist, 21 Edu). III.] Barkistona. Grant and confirmation by Alice, sometime the wife of William son of Walter of Barkistona, to sir Richard of Belhous, kt., of two roods of arable land lying in the field of Barkistona; whereof one rood lies at the boundary of Plungarth, between the land of John of Belhous on either side, and the other rood lies beyond Redemildgate, between the land of the prior of Belvoir on E. and that of William son of Henry on W. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : John of Belhous, William of Ledebiri, of Barkistona; Robert of Wellinghour, William son of Henry, John Seman, Roger Hardi, William Chaueney, William Bonde. Seal gone. 105. 1347, 8 July [Sunday after St Thomas the Martyr, 21 Edw. III.] Barkeston. Indenture [French] between William, son of William Chaueneye of Barkiston of the one part and William of Denton of Barkiston and Simon Malkinson of Barkeston of the other, witnessing that, whereas the said William and Simon have granted and given to the said William son of William and his heirs 10s. of yearly rent, payable at St Thomas the Martyr, from all their lands and tenements in Barkeston. the said William son of William has granted, for him and his heirs, that, if Robert Malkinson of Barkeston, John Malkinson of Barkeston, and Alice their sister, when they shall be of age, i.e., of 21 years, make release to him, if he be alive, or to his heirs, if he be dead, or, if the said Robert, John and Alice demise without heirs of their body, or, if they or any of them so that at no time henceforward shall the said William son of William or his heirs be impleaded by the said Simon Malkinson of Barkeston or his heirs or by the said Robert, John and Alice or their heirs, the said writing concerning the said yearly rent shall be void and of none effect, in whose hands so ever it be. Witnesses : William son of Henry, William Lauk, Robert of ... . Seal gone. 106. 1361-2, 9 Jan. [Sunday after Epiphany, 35 Edw. III.] Barkeston. Grant and confirmation by John Graunt of


CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Barkeston to John Seman of Barkeston and Simon Seman of the same, of a messuage in the town of Barkeston and nine acres of arable land adjoining the said messuage in the fields of Barkeston and Plumgarth; the which messuage is situated between the tenement of Robert son of Robert of Berughby on N. and the toft of Robert son of John, and abuts upon the tenement of Simon son of Robert of Berughby on E. and that of William Persoun on W. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William Chaueney of Barkeston, William Persoun, Robert son of Robert, John son of Thomas, Robert Criche. Seal defaced. 107. 1364, 3 May [Invention of the Holy Cross, 38 Edw. III.] Barston. Grant and confirmation by Robert of Cryche, of Barston, and Alice his wife to John son of Robert of the same and Joan his wife and the heirs and assigns of the said John, of four selions of arable land in the fields of Barston; whereof one lies next the fishpond (le stangnum piscium), abutting into le Castelgat; and one lies across Redmyldgate next the land of John Seman; and one lies under the headland next the land of John Seman; and one lies at Wrongdeyl ende next the land of John Seman. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William Chaueney of Barston; Robert son of John, William Seman, chaplain; William of Denton; Simon son of Robert; Thomas of Cryche; Symon his brother. 107A. Copy of same (unsealed) in 15th cent. hand. 108. 1392 [15 Richard II.], 6 May. Barkeston. Release and quitclaim by William Malyn and Agnes his wife, of Leycestre, to John of Berughby and Alice his wife, of Barkeston, of their right in all the lands and tenements which should revert to the said William and Alice after the death of John Graunt and Alice his wife in Barkeston and Plumgarth. Warranty. Witnesses: William Brynghirst, William Chaueney, Robert of Berughby, of Barkeston; Robert Henryson, John Symson, John Ward, of Plumgarth. Seals gone.
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 133 109. 1393, 15 June [Sunday after St Barnabas, 16 Rich. II.] Barkeston. Grant and confirmation by John of Berughby and Alice his wife to John Graunt of Barkeston and Alice his wife, of all the lands and tenements which the said grantors had of the gift and feoffment of the same John Graunt in Barkeston. To hold for the term of their lives in survivorship, rendering therefor to the said John of Berughby and Alice and their heirs a rose at the feast of St John Baptist. Warranty. No witnesses. Seal gone. 110. 1396, 31 Aug. [Thurs. after Decollation of St John Baptist, 20 Rich. II.] Barkeston. Grant and confirmation by Simon Beroby of Barkeston to John his son of the same, of all his tenements, lands and rents in the town and fields of Barkeston. 1 o hold of the chief lords, etc., rendering therefor yearly to the said Simon for the term of his life four shillings at the four terms of the year usual in the same town. Witnesses : Robert his brother of Barkeston, John son of Thomas, William Brynghest, John Chany1, of Barkeston. Seal gone. 111. 1412, 25 March [Annunciation of B.V.M., 13 Hen. IV.] Barkston. Grant and confirmation by John Lawk of Barkeston to John Baroby and William son of Robert of Barkeston, of all his lands and tenements in the town and helds of Barkeston. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : John Chany, William Brynghest, Robert Stok, oymon son of Thomas of Barkeston. Seal gone. T/1'D ,,4,3>31 Ju|y [Mon. after St James the apostle, I Hen V \ Barkeston. Release and quitclaim by Hugh Godechere of Barkeston to John Berughby of the same, of all actions rea and personal, from the beginning of the world to the making of these presents. Fragment of seal (simple queue). 113. 1440-1 1/9 Hen VI.]. 2 Feb. Batkeaton. Cam by William Huntyndon of Barkeaton to John Roo,. e.g., John 'I.e. Chaveney.
134 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Freman, rector of the church of Botellesford1 JohntMylnar, clerk and Thomas Brovne of Botellesford, of all the lands, tenements, etc., which descended to the said grantor by right of inheritance after the death of Richard Huntyndon his father, in Botellesford, Barkeston, and Redmyld together with all his goods and chattels. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Marschall of Botellesford Waliter Marschal of the same, Richard Portar of Redmyld, John Grene of Barkeston, Henry Machon of the same. Piece of seal. 114 1444 30 Aug. [MorroiO o/ the Decollation of St John Baptist, 22 Hen. VI.\ Barkeston. Grant and confirmation by John Roos, esq., John Freman, sector of ' 0f Botellesford, John Milnar clerk and Thomas Browne 0f Botellesford, to William Huntyndon °f Barkeston. of all he lands tenements, rents and serv.ces in Botellesford. Barkeston and Redmyld, together with all the goods and the said grantors had of the gift and feoffment of the William. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John Marschall of Q " Marschall his brother, Richard Portar of Redmyld, John Grene of Barkeston, Henry Bachous of the same. Two seals : two gone. 115. 1443 [24 Hen. VI.}, I I Oct. Barston. Grant and con fiimation by Eleanor Barouby, daughter and heir of Joh BaTouby, otherwise called Robertson of Barston, o Robert Barouby of Barston, of those four sehons of arable la y severally in the fields of Barston which descended to herj right of inheritance after the death of the sai J To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Bryngest ofNewerk JohnOrsto Robert Stoke, Robert Godechepe of Barston, John Wade Plungarth. Seal. 116. Same date. Barston Eleanor, empowering John Smy „ ^ •Instituted 27 Sept. 1420; resigned by 21 S p . xvi, f. 88 d; xviii, f. 160).
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 135 to the said Robert of the said four selions according to the force, etc., of her charter made to the said Robert touching the same. Piece of seal : simple queue. 117. 1451, 5 April [Mori, after St Ambrose, Bp. Conf., 29 Hen. VI.] Barston. Grant and confirmation by William Hontyngton of Barston in le Vale to Thomas Stonesby of Gun-wardeby1, Thomas Talbon of Hardeby, clerk, Nicholas Jarvas of the same, John Somurcotes of Grantham, John Gasgelle of Bottesford, and William Grene of Redmyld, of all his lands, tenements, etc., in the towns and fields of Barston, Redmyld and Bottesford2, together with all his goods, etc., in the said towns and fields and everywhere else throughout the realm of England. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : John Orston, Thomas Randolfe, Thomas Fosbroke, Robert Stoke, John Smyth, of Barston. Seal. 118. 1466-7 [6 Edw. IV.], 8 Feb. Barston. Grant and confirmation by John Bawchon of Gunwardeby to Joan his wife, William Houton of Barston, and William Grene of Redmyld, of all the lands, etc., which the said John has in the town and fields of Barston. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : John Smyth, William Beton, Henry Dobulday, William Cragge, John Cobbe, of Barston. Seal. Endorsed : Bauchon. 119. 1468, 20 Nov. [Sunday after St Hugh, 8 Edw. IV.] Barston. Demise and delivery by William Houton of Barston, William Grene of Redmyld, and Joan, wife of John Bawchon of Gunwardeby, to William Bawchon of Statherne and Alice his wife, of all those lands, tenements, etc., which the said grantors lately had of the gift and feoffment of the said John Bawchon in the town and fields of Barston. To hold for the term of forty years from Michaelmas last past, rendering therefor to the chief lords the fees, rents and services of old due and accustomed. 1Gonerby. 2See Nos. 113, 114.
136 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: John Chase of Statherne; John Smyth, William Orston, Robert Wynne, William Beton. Three seals. 120. 1468 [8 Edw. IV.], 22 Nov. Letters of attorney of Joan, wife of John Bawchon of Gunwardeby, empowering John'Chase of Statherne to deliver seisin of the premises above named to William Bawchon of Statherne and Alice his wife. 121. 1472, 14 Sept. [Mon., Exaltation of the Holy Cross, 12 Edw IV ] Barston. Demise, delivery and confirmation by Nicholas Jarvas of Herdeby and William Grene of Redmyld to William Hontyngton of Barston in le Vale and Katherine his wife, of all those lands, tenements etc in the town and fields of Barston, which the said Nicholas and William Grene, together with Thomas Stonesby ot Gunwardeby, Thomas Talbon of Herdeby, clerk, John Somurcotes of Grantham, and John Gasgelle of Bottesford deceased, lately had of the gift and feoffment of the said William Hontyngton1. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to said William and Katherine and the heirs and assigns ot William. Witnesses: John Brabazon of Est well2, gentylman; William Forde of Notyngham, gentylman; John Joye ot Stake thern3; William Dymok, John Smyth, of Barston. Fragment of one seal: the other gone. 122. 1475, 6 Dec. [Sf Nicholas, Bp., 15 Edw IV.] Barston, Demise and delivery by Nicholas Jerves of^Hardeby ani William Grene of Redmyld to William Hontyngton Lirene ot neamyio io »»—— = , Barston, of all those lands and tenements, etc., together_w>t all the goods, etc., which the said Nicholas and Wihiam ..i -a. ^omnrr^ps. Thomas 1 albon, ^^erw'ith John Somurcotes Thomas THbon clerk, John Gasgylle, and Thomas Stonesby of Gu™ar^ fj deceased, sometime had of the gift and feoffment of the aid William Hontyngton in the towns and fields of • Redmyld and Botellesford, or everywhere else within realm of England. To hold of the chief lords, etc Witnesses : William Dymmok, William Randolfe, o er Thorp, John Cobbe, William Orston, of Barston. Two seals. 'See No. 117. 2Eastwell. 'Stathern.
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 137 123. 1484 [/ Rich. III.], 1 May. Barston. Grant and confirmation by John Barewe of Barston, husbandman, to John Smyth of Barston in le Vale, husbandman, and William Bawchon of the same, of a messuage wherein the said grantor dwells, with 5i acres of land lying in the fields of Barston and Plungarth. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William Dymok, William Orston, John Kyme, Robert Taylor, William Smyth, of Barston. Seal. 124. 1502 [/8 Hen. VII.], 12 Oct. Staunford. Deed of John Bawchon of Cathorp super le Heth, co. Lincoln1, kinsman and heir of John Bawchon, sometime of Gunwardby, co. Lincoln, and son and heir of Robert Bawchon, brother of the aforesaid John Bawchon the grantor's uncle. Whereas the said John the uncle gave, enfeoffed, and confirmed by his charter to Joan his wife, William Houton of Barkeston, and William Grene of Redmyle, those his lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Barkeston, to hold to them, their heirs and assigns, to the use and profit of the said John the uncle, his heirs and assigns2; and, because the said John the uncle and Joan his wife, and William Houton and William Grene are dead, after their decease and after the death of the said John the uncle, the said lands, tenements, etc., descended by right of inheritance to the said John Bawchon of Cathorp, to hold of the chief lords, etc.; the said John of Cathorp has given, granted and confirmed, and sold for a sum of money paid in hand, to sir William Bawchon, clerk, vicar of Talyngton3, all those lands, tenements, etc., to hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Quitclaim. Witnesses: John Goylin of Staunford, notary public, writer of these presents; John Gedney of Talyngton, wryght; Henry Gedeney, John Pavy, Robert Doxford, of Talyngton. Goylyn Part of seal. 125. Same date. Staunford. Letters of attorney of John Bawchon of Cathorp super le Heth, empowering sir William Grene of Barkeston, clerk, and Thomas Forgeaunt of Plongarth to deliver seisin of all those lands, tenements, etc., which were of John Bawchon his uncle, sometime of 'Caythorpe in Loveden wapentake. 2See No. 118. "Tallington, Lines.
136 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: John Chase of Statherne; John Smyth, William Orston, Robert Wynne, William Beton. Three seals. 120 1468 [8 Edw. IV.], 22 Nov. Letters of attorney of Joan, wife of John Bawchon of Gunwardeby, empowering John Chase of Statherne to deliver seisin of the premises above named to William Bawchon of Statherne and Alice his wife. 121. 1472, 14 Sept. [Mon., Exaltation of the Holy Cross, 12 Edw IV.] Barston. Demise, delivery and confirmation by Nicholas Jarvas of Herdeby and William Grene of Redmyld to William Hontyngton of Barston in le Vale and Katherine his wife, of all those lands tenements etc in the town and fields of Barston, which the said Nicholas and William Grene, together with Thomas Stonesby ot Gunwardeby, Thomas Talbon of Herde y, cJ^r * (° ,n Somurcotes of Grantham, and John Gasgelle of Bottesford, deceased, lately had of the gift and feoffment of the said William Hontyngton1. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the said William and Katherine and the heirs and assigns ot William. Witnesses: John Brabazon of Estwell , gentylman, William Forde of Notyngham, gentylman: John Joye ot btake-thern3; William Dymok, John Smyth, of Barston. Fragment of one seal : the other gone. 122. 1473, 6 Dec. IStNicholas, Bp., 15 Edw. IV.] Barston. Demise and delivery by Nicholas Jerves of Hardeby and William Grene of Redmyld to William Hontyngton ot Barston, of all those lands and tenements etc., w all the goods, etc.. which the said Nicholas and William Grene, together with John Somurcotes, Thomas albo , clerk, John Gasgylle, and Thomas Stonesby of Gunwardeby, deceased, sometime had of the gift and feof*"\ent ° R e William Hontyngton in the towns and fields of barrt o . Redmyld and Botellesford, or everywhere else within th realm of England. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses : William Dymmok, William Randolfe, Robert Thorp, John Cobbe, William Orston, of Barston. Two seals. 'See No. 117. 2Eastwell. 'Stathern.
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 137 123. 1484 [/ Rich. III.], I May. Barston. Grant and confirmation by John Barewe of Barston, husbandman, to John Smyth of Barston in le Vale, husbandman, and William Bawchon of the same, of a messuage wherein the said grantor dwells, with 5i acres of land lying in the fields of Barston and Plungarth. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William Dymok, William Orston, John Kyme, Robert Taylor, William Smyth, of Barston. Seal. 124. 1502 [18 Hen. VII.], 12 Oct. Staunford. Deed of John Bawchon of Cathorp super le Heth, co. Lincoln1, kinsman and heir of John Bawchon, sometime of Gunwardby, co. Lincoln, and son and heir of Robert Bawchon, brother of the aforesaid John Bawchon the grantor's uncle. Whereas the said John the uncle gave, enfeoffed, and confirmed by his charter to Joan his wife, William Houton of Barkeston, and William Grene of Redmyle, those his lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Barkeston, to hold to them, their heirs and assigns, to the use and profit of the said John the uncle, his heirs and assigns2; and, because the said John the uncle and Joan his wife, and William Houton and William Grene are dead, after their decease and after the death of the said John the uncle, the said lands, tenements, etc., descended by right of inheritance to the said John Bawchon of Cathorp, to hold of the chief lords, etc.; the said John of Cathorp has given, granted and confirmed, and sold for a sum of money paid in hand, to sir William Bawchon, clerk, vicar of Talyngton3, all those lands, tenements, etc., to hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Quitclaim. Witnesses : John Goylin of Staunford, notary public, writer of these presents; John Gedney of Talyngton, wryght; Henry Gedeney, John Pavy, Robert Doxford, of Talyngton. Goylyn Part of seal. 125. Same date. Staunford. Letters of attorney of John Bawchon of Cathorp super le Heth, empowering sir William Grene of Barkeston, clerk, and Thomas Forgeaunt of Plongarth to deliver seisin of all those lands, tenements, etc., which were of John Bawchon his uncle, sometime of 'Caythorpe in Loveden wapentake. 2See No. 118. sTallington, Lino.
138 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Gunwardby, to his kinsman sir William Bawchon, clerk, vicar of Talyngton. Goylyn Seal. 126. Same date. Acknowledgment of bond by John Bawchon of Cathorp on le Heth, co. Line., to sir William Bawchon, clerk, in £10, payable at Easter next, to the which payment he binds his goods. Condition : the peaceful possession by the said William of all lands, tenements, etc., within the town and fields of Barkeston, according to the virtue and strength of a deed made and delivered to him by the said John. Goylyn 127. 1503 119 Hen. VII ), 18 Sept. Letters of attorney of William Bawchon of Talyngton, clerk, empowering William Barrobe of Barkeston to recover peaceful possession and seisin from his kinsman John Bawchon, of a messuage in the town of Barkeston with all lands, etc., in the which messuage the said William Barrobe dwells, and which the said William Bawchon purchased lately from the said John Bawchon, according to the force, etc., of a charter of release and feoffment made by the said John. Part of seal : simple queue. 128. 1510-11, 28 Jan. [Tues. after the Conversion of St Paul, 2 Hen. VIII.) Denton1. Release and quitclaim by Thomas Forgeaunt of Denton, co. Lincoln, husbandman, and Emmott his wife to William Bawchon of Talyngton, clerk, of their right in a messuage in the town of Barkeston in le Vale de Beluero, with the horse-mill built within the said messuage and 15 acres of arable land, 10 selions, and a plot of three perches (triroda) with three swathes (andenis) and the third part of two swathes of meadow, as they lie and are situate in the town and fields of Barkeston; the which they lately had of the gift, feoffment and full release of the said William, as appears by charter. Warranty. Power of attorney to William Kerchevar [George Forgeaunt Written ouer], John Groocok, John Draper, William Barrobee and John Barrobe of Barkeston to deliver seisin. 'The deed is piously headed 'Ihesus.'
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 139 Witnesses : sir Nicholas, vicar of Barkston1, John Drapar, John Wyn, William Dalewats, Robert Ecopp, William Barrobe, John Barrobe. Two seals. 129. 1513 [5 Hen. VIII.], 4 June. Staunford. Grant and confirmation by William Bachon of Talyngton, clerk, to Robert Sheppey, clerk, Thomas Gelyan of Plungarth, William Barooby and Robert Bekkett of Barston, of a messuage of his in Barkeston of late in the tenure of William Barowby; the which messuage the said grantor lately had of the gift, grant and confirmation by charter of John Bawchon, as appears by his charter, in fee simple2. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Power of attorney to John Groocok and John Wynne to deliver seisin, etc. No witnesses. Seal. 130. Same date. Staunford. Letters of attorney of William Bawchon of Talyngton, empowering Thomas For-geaunt of Denton, John Groocok and William Barrobe of Barkeston, husbandmen, to deliver seisin of all those lands and tenements, etc., which were late of John Bawchon of Cathorp super le Heyth, co. Lincoln, as they lie and are situate in the town and fields of Barkeston3, to Robert Schepey of Staunford, guardian of the almoner's (sic) house there. Per me Willelmum Bawchon clericum antedictum propria manu Seal. Endorsed : Bauchon 131. 1516 [$ Hen. VII.], 2 June. Grant and confirmation of Robert Scheppey alias Carter, guardian of the almshouse of Stamford, co. Lincoln, chaplain, Thomas Gelyan of Plungar, William Barooby of Barston, and Robert Bekkett of Barston, to Thomas Norton, kt., master of Burton Lazars (Burton sancti Lazari ]erosolimitani in Angliaf, Richard Sutton, esq., steward of Syon5, Otiwel Ratclyff, gent., and 'Nicholas Hochenson, instituted 8 June 1509 (Line. Rea. xxiii f ?fi5\ •"See No. 124. 3See No 124. "The hospital of Burton Lazars, near Melton Mowbray, was an offshoot and member of the hospital of St Lazarus at Jerusalem. 5The Bridgetine abbey of Syon in Middlesex.
140 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Thomas Byrd of Burton Lazars, of a messuage in Barkeston, now in the tenure of ... . Bekyngham; the which the said grantors lately had of the gift, grant, and confirmation by charter of William Bawchon of Talyngton, clerk, as appears by his charter, in fee simple1. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Power of attorney to Henry Oweley and John Ketulby to deliver seisin Witnesses (endorsed): Thomas Jelyan of Plungar; John Bekyngham, Robert Bekett, Thomas Reste, John Trawforthe, John Smythe, Robert Grokoke, Robert Kaye, John Kay, Hugh Reste, of Barston. Four seals (one blob of wax). Endorsed : Barston. 132. 1517 [9 Hen. P///.|. 20 Dec. Barkeston. Grant and confirmation with release and quitclaim by John Barrowbe of Barkestone, son and heir of Robert Barowbe, late of Baikestone in le Wall2, deceased, to William Baker of Belvoir, of a toft and a barn with a garden in the town of Barkestone; the which lie between the land of Robert Smyth of Barkestone on W. and that of Robert Yeff on E. and abut to S. on the land of John Barrowbe, and to N. on the common way. Warranty. Witnesses : William Kerchauer, John Growkott, Robert Smyth, of Barkeston. Fragment of seal. 133. Same date. Acknowledgment of bond by John Barrowbe of Barkeston, howbondman (sic), son and heir of Robert Barrowbe, late of Barkeston, howsbondman, to William Baker of Belvoir, in £10, payable at the feast of the Annunciation next. Condition : the said John shall truly and duly warrant and keep the bargain and sale of, in and upon a house and barn, from the north side of the house to the south end of the barn, made to the said William, which by descent after the death of Robert Barrowbe, his said father, should immediately or mediately or otherwise revert and remain to the said John, and that the said John has made no alienation, mortgage, estate or incumbrance of his lands aforesaid lying in the towr of Barkeston before the day of the making of these presents 'See No. 129. "I.e. the vale (of Belvoir).
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 141 nor hereafter shall make or cause to be made by his will, procuring, or assent; and the said John shall, at the reasonable request of the said William, be ready to acknowledge before a judge having authority or in a court of record the said land to be the said William's or his assigns', according as the law will, by fine, recovery, or otherwise, as it shall be thought lawful and expedient; and the said John shall warrant to the said William, etc., all the premises. 134. 1518-9 [10 Hen. VIII.], 18 March. Grant and confirmation by John Barrabee of Barston, husbandman, and Agnes his wife, for the sum of £7 13s. 4d. paid in hand, to John Ekeson of Redmyld, of the messuage wherein the grantors dwell, with all and several their lands in the fields and towns of Barston and Plungarth1. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Two seals. 135. 1519 [// Hen. VIII.], 18 July. Grant and confirmation by John Ekeson of Redmyld in le Wall to William Baker of Beuer2, of a messuage lying in Barkyston, with all the lands, etc., thereto appertaining in the town and fields of Barkyston and Plungarth. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Release and quitclaim. Warranty. Small seal. 136. 1520 [12 Hen. VIII.], 8 July. Indenture [English] of bargain and sale between sir Thomas Norton, kt., master of Burton saynt Lazar, of the one part, and William Wigston the younger of Leycestre, merchant of the staple at Calis, of the other of all his messe, with the lands, etc., appertaining, in the town and fields of Barston, whereof the said sir Thomas or any other person or persons to his use be possessed or seised of the day of making hereof; the which mes' and lands the said sir Thomas late had and purchased of one sir Robert Scheppey, priest, of Stamforde, co. Lincoln3. Estate to be made by Michaelmas. The said William promised to pay £10, of which the said sir Thomas makes acknowledgment and quittance. Per me Thomam Norton. Seal gone. 'See No. 115 for four selion9 acquired by Robert Barouby, the father of the present grantor. 2Belvoir. 3See No. 131.
142 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 137. 1520 [12 Hen. VIII.], 12 July. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Norton, kt., master of Burton St Lazarus of Jerusalem in England, to William Wigston, jun., of Leycester, Thomas Wigston, clerk, John Myddulton of Meylton1, and Robert Clercke, of Croxton, of a messuage in Barkeston, the which the said grantor lately had of the gift, grant, and confirmation by charter of Robert Scheppey alias Carter, chaplain, in co. Lincoln [sic], Thomas Jelian of Plungar, William Barroby of Barkeston, and Robert Beket of the same, as appears by their charter". To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the need and use of the said William Wigston. Warranty. Power of attorney to Robert Ashwell and Thomas Dawkyns to deliver seisin. No witnesses. 138. 1520 [12 Hen. VIII.], 16 July. Release and quitclaim by Richard Sutton, esq., Otewel Ratclyff, and Thomas Birde of Burton St Lazarus, to William Wigston, jun., master Thomas Wigston, clerk, John Myddulton of Meylton, and Robert Clerke of Croxton, of all their right in a messuage situate in the town of Barston in le Vale de Bever, which the said Richard, Otewel and Thomas, together with Thomas Norton, master of Burton St Lazarus, lately had of the gift and feoffment of Robert Scheppey alias Cartar, Thomas Jelian, William Barrobye and Robert Beket, as appears by their charters Three seals : two on one tag. 139. 1524 [16 Hen. VIII.], 27 June. Acknowledgment of bond by Richard ( ? Robert) Baraby of London, vyntener, and John Grocok of Barston, husbondman, to William Baker o Beever, yoman, in £10, payable at the Nativity of St Jo n Baptist next. Carkeke . Two seals. Condition (endorsed) : the said Richard and John shal pay to the said William £5, viz. £3 at the Nativity of St Johr Baptist next, and 40 s at the Nativity of St. John next after. 140. 1524 [76 Hen. VIII.], 3 July. Grant and confirmatioi by Robert Baraby of London, vyntener, son and heir o 1Melton Mowbray. 2See No. 131. sSurname of notary. Seal.
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 143 William Baraby, late of Barston, deceased, to James Styrley, vyntener, and Bartholomew Moger, haberdassher, citizens of London, of all and several his lands, tenements and hereditaments in the towns, fields and parishes of Barston and Plungar, which were late of the said William his father, or of any other person or persons to his use. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty No witnesses. Fragment of seal. 141. Same date. Letters of attorney of Robert Baraby of London, vyntener, kinsman and heir of John Baraby, late of Barston, deceased, empowering his master James Strilley, citizen and vintner of London, to receive and keep from William Baker of Bever, co. Lincoln, yoman, possession and seisin of that tenement and cottage, with certain lands appertaining, in Barston, which were late of the said John1, according to the force, etc. of a grant made to the said Robert by the said William. Carkeke. Seal (simple queue) and tie. 142. 1523 [17 Hen. VIII.j, 4 July. Grant and confirmation by James Stir ley, citizen and vintner of London, for the sum of £12 paid in hand by one William Wigston, jun., of Leceistre, merchant of the staple of the town of Cales, whereof the said James acknowledges himself to be well and faithfully content and satisfied, to the said William, Thomas Wigston, clerk, and Robert Clerk of Croxton, yoman, of all and sundry his lands, tenements and hereditaments in the towns and fields of Barston and Plungar; which lately were of William Barabi, late of Barston, deceased, and which the said James and one Bartholomew Moger, citizen and haberdassher of London, lately had to the use of the same James, his heirs and assigns, of the gift, grant and confirmation by charter of Robert Barabi of London, vyntener, son and heir of the said William Baraby, as appears by charter of 3 July, 16 Hen. VIII.2 To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the use of the same William Wigston, his heirs and assigns. Warranty. Power of attorney to Thomas Dawkyns and Richard Fynye to deliver seisin. Per me James Strylley. Seal. 'See No. 132. 2See No. 140.
144 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 143. 1525 [17 Hen. VIII.], 31 July. Leicestre, Release and quitclaim by William Baker of Bever, yoman, to William Wigston, jun., Thomas Wigston, clerk, and Robert Clerke of Croxton, yoman, and their heirs and assigns, to the use of the said William Wigston and his assigns, of all his right in all and sundry those lands, tenements and hereditaments in the towns, parishes and fields of Berston and Plungar; the which the said ^X^ilham, d homas and Robert lately held of the gift, grant and confirmation by charter of James Stirley, vyntener, of London, and Bartholomew Moger, haburdassher. Part of seal. 144. 1525 [17 Hen. VIII.], 20 August. Release and quitclaim by James Styrley, vyntener, and Bartholomew Moger, haberdassher, citizens of London, to William Wygston, jun., Thomas Wygston, clerk, and Robert Clerk of Croxton, yoman, to the use of the same William Wygston, his heirs and assigns, of all their right, etc., in the lands, etc., as granted by the said James and Bartholomew by their charter of 4 July, 17 Hen. Vlll.1 Warranty. Per me James Strylley. Two seals. 145. 1525 [17 Hen. VIII.], 8 Oct. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by William Wigston, jun., of Leycestre, merchant, etc., to master Thomas Wigston, clerk, J^°2er Wigston, Richard Reynold, William Gillott, clerk, Robert Harwar, Edward Beyr, John Westas, Roger Gillott, ico as Reynolde, Ranulph Wood, Thomas Hynde, Robert ^avye' and Robert Clercke of Croxton, ol all and sundry his lands, tenements and hereditaments in the towns and fields o Barston and Plungar, which the said grantor lately PUfC asec of the gift and feoffment of James Styrley, citizen and vintnei of London. To hold of the chief lords, etc.. to the neec and use of sir William Fyshar and sir Richard Walshe chaplains of the said grantors hospital in Leycestre, an the poor folk of the same, and their successors, for the tern of sixty years, with reversion to the need and use of t e sail grantor and his assigns, to perform and execute his last wi 'No. 142.
BARKSTON AND PLUNGAR 145 and free disposition. Warranty. Power of attorney to Richard Fynye and Thomas Dawkyns to deliver seisin. Seal. Endorsed: (I) Styrley. (2) In later hand: Barston et ' Plungar. 146. Same date. Grant and confirmation by William Wygston of Leicester, jun., merchant, etc., to Thomas Wygston, clerk, Roger Wygston, esq., Richard Reynolde, William Gyllot, cleik, Robert Harwar, Edward Beyre, John Westes, Roger Gyllot, Nicolas Reynolde, Randulph Wood, Robert Davye, Thomas Hynde, John Gye and Richard Gye of Radmell, of all and sundry those lands, etc. [as in the foregoing deed]. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the need and use of the said William Wygston and to the fulfilment of his last will. Warranty. Power of attorney [as in foregoing]. Per me William Wygston Juniorem Leycestrie manu propria. Seal. Endorsed in later hand : Barston et Plungar. 147. 1525 [17 Hen. VIII.], 8 Nov. Leycester. Release and quitclaim by I homas Wigston, clerk, and Robert Clercke of Croxton, at the instance of William Wigston, jun., of Leycester, to Roger Wigston, Richard Reynold, Robert Harwar, Edward Beyr, John Westas, Roger Gillot, Nicolas Reynold, Ranulph Wood, Thomas Hynd and Robert Dauye, of all their right in all the lands, etc.. in the towns and fields of Barston and Plungar, which the said Thomas and Robert lately had, together with the said William Wigston, of the gift and feoffment of James Styrley, citizen and vintner of London. 1 wo seals Endorsed : Relaxacio de terris Styrley. »?• '526 [/5 Hen. VIII.], 24 November. Bond by Richard Hunton of Sybesdon, co. Leicester, gent., to William Wigston of Leycestre, jun., merchant of the staple of Calais, in £.50, payable at Christmas.
146 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Condition (endorsed) : the fulfilment of the terms of a pair of indentures of the above date, for the sale of certain lands and tenements in Barston to the value of seven nobles. No seal. 149. Same date. Bond by the same to the same in £60, payable on the feast of the Purification of B.V.M. Condition (endorsed) : the fulfilment of the terms of a pair of indentures of the same date, concerning lands and tenements in Barston, Redmylde, Bottesford and Esthorp. Seal. 111. BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE. 150. N.d.1 Grant by Alexander de Vilers to IDU. i\.a. vjrain. uy • — , of Baikeston, for his homage and service of two bovateso land in the territory of Botlisford and of Normanton , which Willam de Aubeny gave to the grantor, for his homage service, with the toft and croft and with all its appurtenan within the town and without. To hold and have to h.m an to his heirs or assigns of the grantor and his heirs in fee an heritage, freely and quit, in wood and plain, in meadows an. pastures and commons and all easements an l er i . all other appurtenances named and not name , ren therefor yearly to the grantor and his heirs a penny Christmas for all service, save foreign service of the k n as much as appertains to the fortieth part o a nig Warranty. Witnesses : Robert, abbot of Rufford', Girard de Fan. curt, Robert of Colest", Gervase of Vuetorp. . Walter . Stant'°, Ralph son of Robert of Colest Richard ofthesarr town, William son of Ralph of Herdeby Gervase of Wiuirt Seal gone. 'This charter may be dated early in the thirteenth century _ of one of the witnesses, Gerard de Fanecurt, in Be o ' Comm.) iv, 71, to which William de Barkestun is a wrtnes . Aubeny is William de Albini the third, who died in 1237. of Bottesford. The name of this Robert has not hitherto been^n ^ lists of the abbots of Rufford. 'I.e., Coleston, viz., ^ oStaun 5Owthorpe, Notts., the parish adjoining Colston asse : Rjn(rham. in the Vale, Notts. 'Harby. "Wiverton, Notts.. 2 miles S. of Bmgn
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 147 151. N.d (Part of a charter.)1 Grant by Agnes Dune, daughter of Robert of Mendham, to Hugh .... ela, her sister's son, of a toft in the town of Bottelisford which her father held and whereof she was seised .... This toft she has granted to him to hold of her and her heirs, etc., in fee and inheritance, free and quit of all demand to her and her heirs appertaining, saving the service of sir William de Albanyaco, to wit, 12d. [payable at four terms in the year, to wit,] at Michaelmas 3d. at Easter 3d., at Christmas 3d., and at the Nativity of St John Baptist 3d. Warranty. Witnesses : Thomas of Wimb', Roger of Hottot, John of Saxendale, Thomas of Newerc, William .... Henry son of Peter, John of Stodham. Seal gone. 151 A. Another copy, also partial. \y/'u^ N,-d\ ^*rant by William Jogyl of Botelisford to William Jogyl, his first-born son, of a selion lying in the field of Botelisford at Longhouberehye, between the land of Robert of Huntedon1 on N., and that of Alice Garlon on S„ with one head abutting upon Kastelgate. To hold of the chief lords, etc., as appertains to a tenement of such a size. Warranty. Witnesses : Thomas of Hotot, Robert of Hontedon, Ralph of Hottot, William of Stokys, Thomas of Wotton, all or Botelisford. Seal. D 'v3r ** 9™* and confirmation by Robert Jugil of Botlisford to William Jugil of Botlisford his brother, of a selion of arable land in the west field of Botlisford, lying upon Clay-i° /o ,ng' between the land of Thomas of Hottot and that of Robert of Huntedone, and abutting upon the headland of Ihomas of Hottot. To hold of the chief lords, etc Warranty. Witnesses : William son of John of Winebis of Botlisford 1 homas son of Warin, Robert of Stok, John of Hottot, Robert or oauxmdal, of the same. Seal gone. Cent; charter of John of Saxendale. the witnesses to which A'SacSSratti &
148 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 154 N d Grant and confirmation by Thomas of Wotton, dwelling in Botlisford, to sir Alan of Botlisford chaplain', of four selions of arable land in the field of Botlisford whereof one selion lies in le Sondes upon the furlong called Hard-hilles, between the land of Robert of Huntedon and that of Thomas Begger, and one selion in e Sondes between t e headland of Henry Cook and the selion of the said Henry, and one selion in le Benlandes between the land of William of Wynebis and that of Ralph of Hottot and one selion in Lauton between the land of William of Stokes and that of William Maynard. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warran y. Witnesses. Thomas of Hottot in Botlisford, Robert of Huntedon in the same, Robert of Hottot in the same, William of Stoke in the same, William of Wynebis in the same. Seal gone. 155 Nd. Grant by Thomas of Woton to sir Alan of Botlisford, of a selion of arable land lying in le Westsondes between the headland of Henry Cook and the selion same Henry. To hold of dame Isabel de Ros" to the said su Alan, his heirs and assigns, to whomsoever or whensoe prosperity or in sickness he will give, sell bequeath or assign, freely, quit, peacefully, entirely, by right and .nher.Unce, rendering therefor yearly a peppercorn at Easter or services, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas of Hotot of Botlisford, ° Huntedon of the same, Ralph of Hotot of the same W.llmm of Stok of the same, William of Wynebys of the same, Thomas son of William Warin, John Payn, William Lucas. Seal gone. 156. N.d. Grant, confirmation and quit-claim by Bacun of Botlisford to John of Stakedern3, son of Hug Stakederne, of all his right in a plot with the houses founde thereupon, which the said Ralph has of the gi t o sir Bacun his brother by charter; the which place ies ne* road called le Grene and abuts upon the toft of Alan r Witnesses : William of Wyndon4, Thomas Warin, Robei •Called Alan Prest (i.e., the priest) in No. 156. J^^lalie^ 3Statheri William de Albini, and wife of sir Robert de Ros of Hamlak . 4 ? Wynbisse.
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 149 of Stok, Ralph of Hoctot, Roger Wade, Robert of Huntedon, John of Saxindal. Seal gone. 157. 1295-6, 8 Jan. [Sunday after the Epiphany, 24 Edu>. /.]. Botlisford. Grant by William Bost of Botlisford to John le Taylur and Joan his wife, of two selions of arable land lying in the fields of Botlisford, whereof one lies upon le Longcliff between the land of Henry le Qu and that of Ralph Abouetheton, and the other lies 'in til StiM between the land of Henry le Qu and that sometime of John of Binigton. To hold of the chief lords, etc., freely, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Thomas of Hottot of Botlisford, Ralph of Hottot, William of Winebisse, John Payn, John of Saxindale, Robert of Huntedon, Roger of Muston, clerk. Seal gone. 158. 1296, 30 September [Sunday after Michaelmas, 24 Edu). I.] Botlisford. Grant and confirmation by Agnes Worchipe, daughter of Hugh Worchipe of Botlisford, in her proper widowhood, to Henry, son of William le Permeter of Botlisford, and Cecily his wife, of a moiety of her toft in the town of Botlisford, lying in length and breadth between the toft of Roger Snove and the said Agnes' part of the same toft, abutting upon the toft sometime [of Thomas] Beghere. To hold of the chief lords, etc., rendering to them 12d. yearly rent at four terms, viz. at Michaelmas 3d., at Christmas 3d at Easter 3d., and St John Baptist 3d. for all manner of services. Warranty. Witnesses : William of Wymbisse of Botlisford, Ralph of Hotot, Thomas of Hotot, John of Saxindale, Roger Wade, Thomas Warin, Henry le Qu, of the same. Seal gone. 159. 1296-7, 12 March [St. Gregory, 25 Edw. /.] Botlisford. Grant and confirmation by Philip son of William, dwelling in Botlisford, to John of Graham, tailor (cissor) and Joan his wife2 and their heirs, of two selions of arable land lying
150 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS together upon le Brendlandis in the east field of Botlisford even as they lie in length and breadth between the land of Thomas of Hottot and that of William Chaueney, abutting upon the headland of Ralph of Huntidon. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William Wynebis, Thomas Warin, Robert of Stok, Ralph of Hottot, John Payn, John of Saxmdale. Seal gone. 160. 1296-7, 13 March [Morrow of St. Gregory, 25 Edw. /]. Botlisford. Grant by William Jogil, dwelling in Botlisford to Robert his son, of a selion of arable land in the west he d of Botlisford, lying upon Clayholmfurlong between the land of Thomas of Hottot and that of Robert of Huntedon and abutting upon the headland of Thomas of Hoctot . 1 o hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William of Wynebis, Thomas Warin Robert of Stok, Ralph of Hottot, John of Saxindale, Henry le Cu. Seal gone. Endorsed : clayholmforlong. 161. 1298, 28 May [Wed. in Pentecost, 26 Edw. /.] Botlisford. Grant and confirmation by Richard, ca e Marshal (Marescallus), dwelling in Botlisford, to John ot Graham, tailor in the same, and Joan his wife, of a sehon ot arable land in the west field of Botlisford, lying upon we acres between the land of Thomas of Hoctot and t at o Henry le Keu, and abutting upon Redemyldgate. 1 o ho of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William of Wynebys, Thomas of Hoctot, Robert of Huntedon, Ralph of Hoctot, Thomas Warin, Jo r of Saxindale. 162. 1298-9, 12 Feb. [Thursday after St Agatha the virgin 21 Edw. /]. Grant by Henry, called Le Cu, dwelling n Botlisford, to John of Graham, tailor in the same, and Joai his wife, of two selions of arable land in the west e o Botlisford, lying together in the place called Mannes eue even as they lie in length and breadth between the an o Stephen Peuerel on N., and that which was of 1 oma 1See No. 153.
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 151 Bardolf on S., and abut upon the tillage (cultura) of Philip son of William. To hold of the chief lords, etc. 5X^arranty. Witnesses : William of Wynebis, Thomas Warin, Robert of Stok, Ralph of Hoctot, Robert of Huntidon, Roger Wade, John of Saxindale. Seal. 163. 1305, 6 June [ Whitsunday, 33 Edw. /.]. Botelesford. Grant by Hugh son of Walter son of Ralph son of Gilbert of Botelesford, to Robert his son of the same, of a plot in the town of Botelesford, lying in Westorp, with a house there founded and with the trees there growing; the which plot contains in itself in length 64 feet, and in breadth 28 feet. To have and hold the said plot, etc., lying between the plot of William Soty and the plot which Thomas Blokeuile sometime held, of the chief lord, etc., rendering to the chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: William of Wynebys, Ralph of Hotoft, Robert of Stok, Thomas son of Thomas Waryn, Philip son of William of Botelesford. Seal gone. '64- '324, 23 September [Sunday after St Matthew, 18 DILI " Re,ease and quitclaim by Henry, son of Ralph the tailor, dwelling in Bottillesford, to Robert Hotheuid of the_ whole partition wall of his grange towards the said Henry s place with le Euisdrop1 to this, as it appears, appertaining [along] the length of the house. Grant also of the whole partition wall along the breadth of the said Robert's house, which William the smith holds of Robert, with quit-claim. Witnesses: John of Wyneb', Stephen of Hole, Thomas Waryn. Seal gone : simple queue. !6D -i32^' 6 4unC ^Thursd°y before St Barnabas, 18 Edw 11 J Bott . Grant and confirmation by Philip son of William dwelling in Botilesford, to William Jogel of the same, of a selion of his arable land lying in the west field of Botilesford between the land of William of Loudaham and that of John! 'I.e., the eaves-droppings (stillicidia).
152 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS son of John of Wyneb', and abutting at one head upon Wynterbeck. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: John of Wyneb', Robert of Stok, John of Hotoft, Robert Cu, Thomas Waryn. Seal. 166. 1333, 13 June [Sunday after St Barnabas, 7 Edw. III.]. Botellesford. Grant by John son of Elugh son of Roger of Stadyrne1 to William le Cuper of Botellesford and Isabel his wife, and the heirs and assigns of the said William, of a messuage in Botellesford next the messuage of the chantry of St Mary of Botellesford on S., and abutting upon le Grene towards E., which the said John had of the gift and feoffment of sir Robert Bacun, chaplain. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : VOhlham of NMinebys, AX/ilham of Beuuer, John Hotot, Robert le Cu, Walter Payn. 167. 1333, 29 September [Michaelmas, 7 Edw. III.] Botelisford. Demise, grant and delivery by Isabel, Joan, Agnes, and Alice, daughters of Thomas Warin of Botelisford, to Gilbert of Wellinghover, dwelling in Botelisford, of a selion of arable land lying upon the hill next the land of the prior of Beauuer, and abutting upon Redmildgate in the fields of Botelisford. To hold to the said Gilbert, his heirs and assigns, for thirteen years from Michaelmas, 7 Edward 111., rendering therefor yearly a rose at the Nativity of St John Baptist for all demands. Warranty. Witnesses: John le Hotto, William of Beauuer, Walter Payn, Richard Waryn of Botelisford. Seal gone. 168. 1337, 2 October [Thursday after Michaelmas, II Edw III.] Botelisford. Demise, grant and delivery by Thomas son of Thomas Waryn of Botelisford, to Gilbert of Wellen gouer, dwelling in Botelisford, of a headland of arable lane lying upon Sandhill next the land of William Hem in the field of Botelisford. To hold to the said Gilbert for his wholi life, rendering yearly, for the first twelve years, a rose at th< Nativity of St John Baptist for all demands, and thereafte 'Stathein. See No. 156.
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 153 three shillings silver yearly at the said feast. And, if it happen that the said Gilbert die before the end of the said twelve years, his assigns shall hold the said headland, by service of a rose at the said feast, until the completion of the said twelve years. Warranty. Witnesses : William of Beauuer, John of Hotto, Walter Payn, Robert of Stok, Robert Cu, Robert le Taillyour of Botelisford. Seal gone. 169. [1338.] Grant and demise for a term by Robert Philipe, dwelling in Bottillisforde, to John, son of William Cuper of the same, of a frush of pasture, lying between the frush of John Lusot and that of William Ludam, and abutting upon le Brodegates. To hold to the said John and his heirs for the term of twelve years, beginning at Easter 1338. Warranty. Witnesses: William of Wyneb', John of Hottoft, Robert of Stoke. 170. 1340, I Oct. [Sunday after St Michael, 14 Edward III.]. Botelisford. Grant and delivery of Gilbert of Welling-houer of Botlisford to William son of William of Beauuer of Botelisford, of a headland of arable land, lying upon Sandhill next the land of William Hem in the fields of Botelisford1. To hold to the said William for the life of the grantor, rendering therefor for the first nine years after the date of the presents a rose yearly at the feast of the Nativity of St John Baptist, and thereafter three silver shillings for all demands. It the grantor die before the end of the nine years aforesaid, the said William or his assigns shall hold the premises until the said nine years are completed, rendering a rose yearly at the said term. Warranty. Witnesses : John of Hotoft, Walter Payn, Robert of Stok, Robert le Cu, Robert le Taillior of Botelisford. Seal gone. 171. 1341, 18 Nov. [Sunday after St Martin in the winter, 15 Edw. III.] Botelisford. Demise, grant, and delivery by William of Hotoft of Botelisford the elder to William his son, 'See No. 168.
154 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS of five selions of arable land lying divided in the fields of Botelisford, whereof two selions lie together upon Wrong-landes, next the land sometime of Philip of Huntedon of Botelisford, and abut upon Godwynhedlande, and three selions lie together upon Schortwronglandes, next the land which the grantor gave to Isabel his daughter for the term of her life, and abut upon the headland sometime of William of Huntedon of Botelisford. To hold, etc., of the grantor for the term of his (the grantor's) life, rendering to him yearly a peppercorn at Christmas for all service. Warranty. Witnesses : Walter Payn, John of Hotoft the younger William of Beauuer, Robert le Taillior, Richard Chaufm of Botelisford. No seal. 172. 1342, 2 June [Sunday after Trinity, 16 Edw. Ill] Botullesford. Grant by William son of Thomas Hotoft of Botullesford to John son of William Cuper of the ° seven selions in divers places lying in the field of Botullesford containing half a bovate of land with the common pastur. appertaining to half a bovate, to wit, two selions yin| together upon Wrongland next the land sometime o i *ari of Huntedun, and abutting upon Godwinhedland, and t re selions lying together upon Scortwrongland, next the ani which the grantor gave to Isabel his daughter, and abuttin upon the headland sometime of William of Huntedun c Botullesford, and two selions lying together upon Mikulmer next the land of Ralph of Filingle and the land of T Taylur, and abutting upon Godwinbarns'. To hold o t chief lord, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William of Winbych, Robert Stoke, Waltf Payn, John Bakun, Robert le Qu, all of Botullesford. Seal gone. 173. Same date. Botullesford. Appointment by the san of William his son as his attorney to deliver seisin o t premises. Seal gone. ^he first five selions are those named in No. 171.
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 155 174. 1342, 13 June [Thursday after St Barnabas, 16 Edw. III.] Bottillesford. Release and quitclaim by William Hotoft of Bottillesford to Jobn, son of William Cuper of Bottillesford, of all his claim in seven selions [described as in No. 172; but for which the grantor gave to Isabel his daughter,' read 'which William the father demised to Isabel, the sister of the said William Hotoft, for her whole life,' and omit 'the land of Thomas Taylur']. Warranty. Witnesses : William Winbych, Walter Payn, John Hottow the younger, Richard Chaufin, of Bottillesford. Seal gone. Endorsed : hie loquitur de vij selionibus. 175. 1347, 30 October [Tuesday before All Saints, 21 Edward III.] Botelisford. Grant and confirmation by John Chauenay of Botelisford to John, son of William Couper of the same, of a selion of arable land lying in the west fields of Botelisford upon Longcliffe, between the land of Robert Huntedon on E. and that of William Prest on W., and abutting upon the headland of William of Wynebich. To hold, as it lies in length and breadth, of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William of Beauuer, Walter Payn, John Bacon, Richard Chaufyn, of Botelisford. Seal gone. Endorsed : j s. longcliffe. 176. 1350, 23 May [Trinity, 24 Edw. III.] Bottellesford. Grant and confirmation by Roger Lucot1 of Bottellesford to John Coupere of Bottellesford, of a plot of land in Bottellesford called le Pyngull, which lies between the messuage of Helias Taillour on N. and that of William Aboueton, and abuts upon le Grenlane. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Walter Payne, John Boubank, chaplain, John of Wymbis, William Stok, Roger Wad, of Bottellesford. Seal gone. Endorsed : Pyngull. *Or Lucoc.
156 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 177. 1379 [2 Rich. II.], 21 April. Botelesford. Release and quitclaim by Margery, sometime the wife of Henry Olyue of Botelesford, to Robert son of John Couper of Botelesford, John his brother, and John their father, of all actions and appeals against them by reason of the slaying of the said Henry, sometime her husband. Seal. 178. 1383-4, 13 January [ Wed. Octaves of Epiphany, 7 Rich. II.] Bottellesford. Grant and confirmation by Johr Couper of Bottellesford to sir Richard his son, chaplain, of al his lands and tenements in Bottellesford and Normanton. Tt hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Roger Waad, William of Stok, Robert Stok William Dey, Roger Mareschall, John Aswell, John Alayne of Bottellesford. Seal. 179. 1398, 19 November [Tuesday after the Translation c St Hugh the Confessor, 22 Rich. II.] Botelesford. Grant an confirmation by Thomas Couper, chaplain, son of Jo Couper of Botelesford, to Robert, son of John Couper brother of Botelesford. of a plot of land in Botelesford ca e le Pyngull; the which lies between the messuage of e Taillour on N. and that of William Abouton on S. and a u upon le Grenlane1. To hold of the chief lords, etc., re" therefor yearly to the chaplain celebrating the mass of B. • daily for ever in the church of Botelesford, to wit, at the a t constructed in honour of St Mary and St John the Evange i on the S. side of the same church, a halfpenny at Christma Warranty. Witnesses: sir John Bruke, Richard son of Hamun William Home, Robert Cooke, Thomas Staderne, Botelesford. Part of seal. 180. 1404, 29 June [Sunday, St Peter and St Paul, 5 He /P.] Bottesford. Grant by Thomas Couper of Bottesfor chaplain, to Robert son of John Couper, his brother, of selions of arable land in the west field of Bottesford, yi 1See No. 176.
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 157 together in the place called Manneshed, between the land of Stephen Peurell on N. and the land which was of Thomas Wandelepe on S., and abutting upon the tillage of Philip son of William1; of a headland called Sandhilhedland2; a selion of land upon Longclyff, next the land of Thomas Waryn, abutting upon the headland of Robert Maynard; a selion of land lying against the Hill next the land of William Scaufyn, abutting upon the headland of the parson of Bottesford at the west head; a selion of land against Twelffacres, between the land of William of Wymbysch and that of Robert son of Philip; five selions5, whereof two lie together upon Wrongland next the land sometime of Robert of Huntedon, abutting upon Gudwynhedland, and three lie together upon Schortwrong-land, abutting upon the headland sometime of William of Huntedon; two selions lying together upon Myculmarhill'1 next the land of Ralph of Fylingley and that of Thomas Taylour, abutting upon Gudwynbarns; a selion lying in West-sands5 between the headland of Henry Cook and the selion of the same Henry; a selion in le Sands upon the furlong called Hardhyll, between the land of Robert Huntedon and that of Thomas Begger; a selion lying in le Benlands between the land of William Wymbysch and that of Ralph of Hottot; a selion lying in Lawton between the land of William Stoke and that of William Maynard; a selion lying in Estsands, abutting at one head upon Wynterbek, and at the other head upon the headland of John Sturmyn, and lying next the land of William of Beuere; a selion at Longhoubergh between the land of Robert of Huntedon on N. and that of Alice Carlton on S."; a selion lying upon Clayholmfurlong between the land of Thomas of Hottot and of Robert of Huntedon, abutting upon the headland of Thomas of Hottot7; a selion lying in Clayholm between the land of Thomas Alayne and that of William Jogull; a selion lying upon Longclyff between the land of Henry le Ku and that of Ralph Aboutheton"; a selion lying "in tyll Sty' between the land of William le Ku and that sometime of John of Bynington; a selion lying upon Brandland next the land of Thomas le Taylour; a selion lying upon Longclyff next the land of Thomas Alayne; a selion lying upon Manneshed next the land of William Randolff; a selion lying upon Clayholmfurlong between the 'SeeNo l62 'Probably the headland of Nos. 168, 170. 'See Nos. 171 N , Jee;c°' m ,c?°rTh'8 a,nd the, nLext three selion9 see No. 154. "See No. 152. See No. 153. "For this and the next selion see No. 157.
158 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS land of Thomas of Hottot and that of Robert of Huntedon, abutting upon the headland of Thomas of Hottot1; a selion lying upon le Longclyff between the land of William of Huntedon and that of William Jogull; a selion lying in the east field between the land of William Loudam and that of John son of John of Wymbysch2; two selions lying together upon Brendland in the east field between the land of Thomas of Hottot and that of William Chaueney, abutting upon the headland of Robert of Huntedon3; a selion lying in the west field upon Twelffacres between the land of Thomas of Hottot and that of Henry le Ku, abutting upon Redmyld gate4; a selion lying in the west field upon Setcopp betweer the land of Thomas Blewet and that sometime of Thomas Germyn, abutting at the west head upon the headland of ths rector of the church; a selion in the west field upon le Long clyff between the land of Robert Huntedon on E. and tha of William Preste on W., abutting upon the headland o William of Wymbysch5; a selion abutting in tyll Stye betweei the land of the prior of Beuere and that of Margare Monford; and a selion lying upon the hill next the land o the prior of Beuere". To hold of the chief lords, etc Warranty'. Witnesses : Roger Wade, William Stoke, John Wynr bysch. Seal. 181. 1409, II November [St Martin in the winter, II Her IV.] Botelesford. Grant and confirmation by Robert, son ( John Couper of Botelesford, to Henry of Syston of Botele ford and Emma his wife, of a plot of land in Botelesfor called le Pyngull, lying between the messuage of He i< Taillour on N. and that of William Abouton on S., an abutting upon le Grenelane; the which plot the said Robe had of the gift and feoffment of Thomas Couper, chaplan son of the said John Couper, as by his charter dated Tuesdc next after the feast of the Translation of St Hugh t Confessor, 22 Rich. 11., more fully appeareth [see No. 179 To hold of the chief lords, etc., rendering therefor yearly the chaplain, etc. [as in No. 1 79]. Further grant and con 'See No. 160. -See No. 165. 'See No. 159. 'See No. 161 'See No. h 6See No. 167. 7The total number of selions is 35, of which 23, as we a headland, occur in previous charters.
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 159 mation to the said Henry and Emma of twelve acres of land and meadow, lying severally in divers places in the fields of the town of Botelesford, as is manifestly contained in a charter of feoffment of the said Thomas, dated Sunday, the feast of the apostles Peter and Paul, 5 Hen. IV. [see No. 180], made to the said Robert. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Walter Chauncy, William of Dalby, John Burgeys, Robert Cooke, William Thurkell, all of the town of Botelesford. Seal (broken). 182. Same date. Botelesford. Indenture between Robert Couper of Botelesford and Agnes his wife, of the one party, and Henry of Syston and Emma his wife, of the other, witnessing that, whereas the said Henry and Emma have acquired from the said Robert and Agnes the reversion of a messuage in Botelesford and of twelve acres of land and meadow in the fields of the same town, as by charter fully appeareth, nevertheless, the said acquisition is under the following conditions: to wit, the said Henry and Emma grant, for themselves and their heirs, that the said Robert and Agnes shall have the premises, four selions thereof, specified below, only excepted, for their whole life in survivorship, fully and entirely, even as they had them previously, doing to the chief lords, etc., and maintaining and repairing them at their own costs during the said term. And the said Henry and Emma shall pay to the said Robert and Agnes, and to their heirs and executors, for the said reversion aftei their decease, 18 marks of silver, viz. six marks thereof incontinently in hand, six marks at St Martin in winter next following, 40s. at St Martin in winter the year after, and 40s. at St Martin in winter the year after that. And' the said Henry and Emma shall plough or cause the said lands to be ploughed at whatever tillage is competent for the same, and in regular course (seriatim) with their own lands and in as good a manner as their own lands, even as they lie in the said fields They shall also sow and harrow them at their own costs with the seed of the said Robert and Agnes and of the survivor the which seed the said Robert and Agnes shall cause to be carried where it should be sown during the said term- four selions thereof, to wit, Sandhilheuedland, two selions lying
160 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS together upon Wrongelandes, and one selion against le Hil in the place called les Twelfe acres, reserved in the covenan' to the said Henry and Emma for their proper use, onlj excepted. And, if it happen that a pair of millstones, nov situate in the said messuage, last beyond the life of the saic Robert and Agnes or of the survivor, they should remain t< the said Henry and Emma for ever. And the said Rober and Agnes, or the survivor, may take, cut down and fel the trees growing in the said messuage and its appurtenance for the said time to their use and profit, without waste ant destruction. In case of fifteen days arrears of payment of thi said 18 marks at any term, the said Henry and Emma shal agree to pay to the said Robert and Agnes, their heirs o executors, 20s. silver; or, if they fail in ploughing, sowing o harrowing in the form above expressed, they shall pay 20s in the form abovesaid. Witnesses as in previous charter. Two seals on simple queue. Endorsed : Mem. that the writer of these indentures wa not instructed at their making of the following matter, to wit that the said Henry and Emma grant, for themselves, thei heirs and executors, that, if the said Robert and Agnes die or after the death of the survivor, their executors shall hav occupation of the said messuage with its appurtenances for month immediately following the death of the said Robet and Agnes or of the survivor, to dispose and take orde concerning the goods of the said deceased, as they shall se best to be done in the meantime for the soul of the sail deceased. And likewise that the said executors, after th said decease, shall have the crop (vestura) of all the said land sown before the said decease, to dispose thereof for th souls of the same Robert and Agnes as shall seem best t< them. 183. 1413, 31 Dec. [Sf Silvester, I Hen. V], Redmyld rant by John Jouett of Redmyld to Henry Sythestone o oteisford, of two selions of arable land lying together ii Swythmare next the land of William Wyr on S., abuttin upon Prestegate in the fields of Botelisford'. To hold of th c le ords, etc., so that the said Henry shall pay fourpenc 'The two selions were in the fields of Redmile.
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 161 yearly at Michaelmas to the fabric1 of the church of Botelis-r ford. Warranty. 7 Witnesses : Nicholas Porter, William Roberd, jun., John 1 Clerke, John Smyth, all of Redmyld. 1 Piece of seal, t 1 184. 1420 [<S Hen. V], 25 May. Botelesford. Acknow-3 ledgment of bond by Roger Truke of Normanton by 1 Botelesford to Henry of Syston of Botelesford, in 100s., ; payable at Botelesford at Michaelmas next. Witnesses: William Stoke, William Dalby, William of r Eylston, John Marschall, John Burges. Seal. Condition (endorsed): peaceable possession by the said Henry and Emma (sic) of a messuage in the town of Botelesford, as by charter made to them. g 185. 1423-21 Sept. [Tuesday, St Matthew the apostle, 2 Hen. VI.]. Beauver. Grant (indented) by John Barbour of • Beauver and William Hertford of the same, to Thomas Barbour of Beauver. son of the said John, and Maud his wife, ^ of four messuages in Beauver, of which three are situate ^ together between the common way leading to the church and f the tenement of John Wightman, and abut upon the green r i?!rutUm\ f1 ?nC Cnd' and Up°n the tenement of the said e William Hertford and that sometime of John Steynewath2 at i the other; and the fourth messuage is situate in the said street e leading to the church, and is called Graueleplace3 between the s tenement of Roger 1 aylour and that of the lord of Beauver g and it abuts upon le Hallzerd towards the N„ and upon the o common way towards the S. Also of all the arable lands, meadows, leasowes, and pastures in the fields of Wolsthorp1 Gnypton, Bottesford and Redmyld appertaining to the premises, except six acres of arable land even as they lie in • the places written hereunder, to wit, in the field of Wolsthorp6 two selions lying together, containing two roods, in le Schortbreche abutting upon the headland sometime of • 1 homas Andrewe at one end, and upon Steuenwong at the
162 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS other; one selion, containing one rood, lying upon le Scho: greues1, and abutting upon Steuenwong at one end, and up< the headland of John Wayte at the other; another selio lying under the hill, containing one rood, and abutting upi Wolsehedland2 at one end, and upon le Schiremere3 at t! other; another selion containing half an acre, and abutti upon le Blocrosse at one end, and upon the land of Jo Berechere at the other; another selion lying in Mikildale4 a: containing one rood, abutting upon the water called Deu at one end, and upon Bukkesthornegate at the other; in t field of Redmyld two selions, containing three roods, lyi together upon le Toftes; another selion containing one roc lying in the same place, abutting upon le Toftes at one er and upon le Priouregores5 at the other; another selion cc taining half an acre, lying upon Schepegate"; another seli lying upon Cokhow1, containing half an acre; another seli containing a rood and a half, abutting upon le Westwong" the prior at one end, and upon Redmyld' Saltbek at 1 other; another selion containing half a rood, abutting up the headland of John Portar at one end, and upon le Southbe at the other; in the fields of Bottesford, one selion contain a rood upon Whiteclayes11, abutting upon Saltbek at one ei and upon the common way leading to Bottesford12 at 1 other; another selion containing three roods, lying in the sa furlong, abutting upon Saltbek at one end, and up Hamsterley land at the other; and two selions contain three roods, lying in the same furlong, abutting up I horwong at one end, and upon Middelwhiteclayes13 at other. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the same Thon and Maud, and to the heirs of the body of Thomas lawfi begotten, with reversion, in failure of such heirs, to the n and right heirs of the said John Barbour. Warranty11. Witnesses: William Gaysegell, Robert Catour, Ro Reresby, Roger Taylour, John Wightman, of Beauver; Jc Talbone of Wolsthorp, John Marschall of Bottesford. Small fragments of seals. I85A. Another copy, incomplete : see variations in fc notes. 'Short greues. 2Wollesehedland. 3Schirmere. 4Mekilldaile. 5Pc gores. 6Shepegate. 7Cokhowe. 8Weste wong. flRedemyld 10Soughl II Whyteclays. 12Botesford. '"Medilewhytcleys. '"The property inch four messuages in Belvoir, six selions in Woolsthorpe, seven in Redn and four in Bottesford.
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 163 186. 1433, 15 December [Tuesday after St Lucy, V.M., 12 Hen. VI.] Bottesford. Grant and confirmation by William Huntyngdon of Barkeston by Belvoir to Thomas of Gnypton and John Marschall of Bottesford, of a toft in Bottesford, and of all the lands and meadows in the fields of Bottesford which Thomas Syeston of Bottesford holds at farm of the said William; the which toft lies between Harnsterley place and le Kirkehous, and abuts upon the common way at one head, and which Thomas Tuoftrees holds of the said William at farm. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Seal. Witnesses: William Stoke, Thomas Syeston, William Pateman, William Schorneham, William Dynys, of Bottesford. 187. 1450, 31 August [Sf German, bishop and confessor, 28 Hen. VI.]. Bottesford. Grant by John Couper of Couentre, passonger , and John Bowyer of the same, passonger, to John Clark of Denton, foreign bailiff of Belvoir, William Wade of Notyngham, mercer, and William Clarke of Bottesford, mercer, of a messuage and three acres of arable land in the town and fields of Bottesford, the which messuage lies in Westhorp in the said town of Bottesford between the land of Robert Sireston and that of the rector of Bottesford, in breadth and in length as is fully set forth according to the metes and boundaries there made. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : John Marschalle, Thomas Vincent, Richard Colston, Robert Braybroke, Robert Sireston. Two seals. 188. 1451, 31 Dec. [Sf Silvester the pope, 30 Hen. VI] Botelesford. Grant by John Syston of Normanton within the parish of Botelesford to Robert Syston of Botelesford, his brother, of two selions of arable land lying together in the west field of Botelesford in le Swythmore, and abutting upon the land of Roger Wade on E., and upon Cokeswrogate on W., next the land of the lord de Roos on S., and that of Robert Willande on N., which the grantor lately had of the gift and feoffment of Emma Syston his mother. To hold of the chief lords, etc., rendering fourpence yearly at Michaelmas to the fabric of the church of Botelesford.2 Warranty. 'The word appears to mean ferryman. 2See No. 183.
164 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses : John Gassegell, Thomas Vyncent, John Marschall, William Chapman, Thomas Syston. Seal. 189. 1463, 9 June [Corpus Christi, 3 Edw. IV]. Bottesford. Grant by William Huntyngdon of Barston to Thomas Huntyngdon his son and his wife Elizabeth, in survivorship, and to their heirs between them lawfully begotten, of a cottage in Bottesford, together with eight selions of arable land and three roods of land passing beyond Preestgate, with an acre of land lying in le Thakk, belonging to the same cottage, in the town and fields of Bottesford; the which cottage lies between the land of the said William Huntyngdon now in the tenure of John Buntyng, and the tenement of the same William. And of the said selions, four lie together, abutting upon Cawstongate at one end on E., and at the other end upon the land of the chantry of St Peter; another, containing half an acre, abuts upon Wynturbek, and lies next the lord's land and the land of John Gasgyll; one, containing a rood upon Redeyerth, abuts upon Castelgate, and lies between the land of William Stoke on E., and the lord's land on W.; another, containing three roods in le Hassokes, abuts upon Mustonbek, and lies between the lord s land on both sides, and another upon Prestegate, containing three roods, abuts upon the land called Hampsterley on E To hold of the chief lords, etc., rendering yearly at Eastei to the grantor a penny. Reversion, in default of lawful heirs to the grantor and his heirs. Warranty. Witnesses : Robert Chaunsy, William Clerk, both ol Bottesford; Henry Caluerton of Suthwell; Nicholas Gerves John Grene, both of Hardby. Seal. 190. 1465 [5 Edw. IV] 14 May. Beauuer. Grant anc confirmation, in her pure widowhood, by Maud, late the wife of 1 homas Barbur of Beauuer, to Thomas Barbur her son Alice his wife, Henry Rochefort of Stooke, esq., John Cooke of the same, Richard Cade of the same, Richard Goodryke of Grantham, William Basse, Richard Carlylle, Henry Butler and the heirs of the bodies of the said Thomas and Alice between them lawfully begotten, of all her lands, tenements etc., in the towns and fields of Beauuer, Wolsthorp, Knypton
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 165 Redmyld, Botellesford and Stenwath, cos. Lincoln and Leycestre. To hold of the chief lords, etc., with remainder to the right heirs of the said Thomas Barbur, late husband of the said Maud. Warranty. Witnesses : John Bredon, John Cooke, William Oles. of Beauuer; John Grove, John Denne, of Vulsthorp; John Ardyrne John Westemoreland, of Knypton; John Mowar. rn& i nne• Redmyld; William Pateman, John Goose of botellesford. Seal gone. '9', l4.8'-2> 27 -!j?nruary I5' JuIian- b'°h°P confessor, p m/ . Botllleford. Grant by Robert Sitheston of botllleford, husbondman, to Robert Sitheston of the same, his son and his wife Margaret, of a messuage in Botillesford with all arable lands, etc., in the fields of Botillford, apper taming to the said messuage. The said messuage is situate etween the land of the lord chamburleyn on S., and a lane ead.ng to the church on N., and abuts towards the E. upon the land of the heirs of John Bayly, sometime of Botillsford, deceased, and upon the king's way towards the W.; the which messuage the grantor had after the decease of Henry Sitheston his father. To hold of the chief lords, etc Warranty. lohn^\/'^neSS^S \Y/rrbert\w^aU'iCC' Sentillman- Henry Browne. John Vincent, William Worteley, Richard Pateman. Piece of seal. and^ A^k' P' Edw. IV). Beauuer. Release and quitclaim by Alice, late the wife of Thomas Barbour, son ot 1 homas Barbour, sometime of Beauuer, and of Maud to'wie' u lm rlfi' Ricl?ard CarIyli- and Henfy Bude^. o William Barbour of Notyngham, of all their right and claim n those lands, tenements, etc. in the towns and fields of Beauuer, Wolsthorp, Knypton, Redmyld, Bottellesford, an 1 otenewath, cos. Lincoln and Leicester, which they lately had together with Henry Rochefort, esq., John Coke Richard Cade, and Richard Goderyke, of the gift and feoff-rseby°h thVa;d Maud'flate the of Thomas Barbour, as by her charter more fully appears1. 'See No. 190.
166 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Witnesses: Peter Wynwode, John Wyllimot, Thomas Pallet, Thomas Swyke, Henry Deane. One seal left. 193. 1482 [22 Edw. IV], 5 May. Botelford. Grant by Margaret Clerk, alias Bayle, of Croxton, daughter and heir of John Clerk, late of Denton, sometime foreign bailiff of Belvoir, to master John Greve of Grantham, sir Thomas Gasegyll, chaplain, of Botelford, William Smyth of Croxton, and John Vyncent of Estrop in the parish of Botelford, of a messuage and three acres of arable land in the town and fields of Botelford; the which messuage lies in Westhorp in the town of Botelford between the land of John Sireston and that of the rector of Botelford, in breadth and in length as is fully contained according to the metes and boundaries there made1. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : William Thorns, John Baker, William Dadsley, Piece of seal. 194. 1482, 7 August [Wednesday after St Peter's Chains, 22 Edw. IV]. Beauuer. Grant by William Barbour of Notyngham, son and heir of Thomas Barbour, late of Beauuer, to Robert ingoldesby, William Adcock, William Wace, Henry Chyld, and Henry Porter, of all those lands and tenements, etc., in Beauuer, Wollesthorp, Barston, Gnypton, Radmyld, Stenwayt, and Bottesford, which were lately of the said Thomas, the grantor's father, or of Maud, his mother2. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Ralph Talbon, of Bottesford; Thomas Butler, John Caudwell, of Beauuer. Seal. 195. 1488 [3 Hen. VII.], 18 May. Bottelesford. Granl and delivery by John Greve of Roppesley, sir Thomas Gasgyi of Bottelesford, William Smyth alias Rayner of Croxton anc John Vyncent of Estropp in the parish of Bottelesford, to Johr Draper of Bottelesford, William Dadesley of the same, Henrj Mershall of the same, and John Broun of Normanton in the same parish, of a messuage in Vestropp in the parish ol 'See No. 187. 2See Nos. 190, 192.
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 167 Bottelesford, situate between the messuage of Robert Syreston and that of the rector of Bottelesford. To hold, with three acres of arable land, with all their meadows, grazings and pastures, of the chief lords, etc. The which messuage the said grantors had of the gift and feoffment of Margaret Clerk alias Bayle, daughter and heir of John Bavle alias Clerk1. Witnesses : sir Henry Caton, chaplain, William Sawn-son, John Hynes, of Bottelesford; William Broun of Normanton. Part of one seal. 196. Same date. Acknowledgment of bond by Myles Haryson of Croxton, co. Leicestre, and Margaret Haryson of the same to John Draper of Bottelesford, in £20, payable at the Nativity of St John Baptist next. Seals. Condition (endorsed) : peaceable possession by the said John Draper of a messuage in Vestropp in the parish of Bottelesford. 197. 1488-9, 17 Feb. [Tuesday after St Volantine (sic) the martyr, 4 Hen. VII]. Beauuer. Demise and delivery by Robert Ingoldesby, William Adcok, William Wace, Henry Chyld, and Henry Porter, to Nicholas Dymmok, clerk, John Pykdon, and Richard Grene, of all those lands, tenements, etc., in Beauer, Wollesthorp, Bottesford, Radmyld, Gnypton, and Swynwayt, which of late were of ^VlllIam Barbour of Notyngham, son and heir of Thomas Barbour2. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Appointment of Thomas Maykyn as attorney to deliver seisin. Witnesses : William Benne, Richard Porter, of Radmyld; John Poison, John Caudwell, of Beauer; Thomas Roberd, of Radmyld. Five seals. 198. 1490 [6 Hen. VII], 4 Oct. Acknowledgment of bond by Thomas Foster of Bottellesford, schomaker, to Richard Kelym of Alyngton, husbandman3, in five marks, payable at Easter next. Piece of seal. 'See No. 193. 2See No. 194. sSee the Allington deeds.
168 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 199. 1491-2 [7 Hen. VII], 21 Feb. Bottellesford in le Vale. Indenture [English] of lease by Rychard Laurance of Botellesford to John Draper of the same town, of 'a naker of medow and a halfe as hit lygges in the medowfeld of Botillesford aforsayd, the aker lygyng be twyxe the hii medowe and the fore medow, buttyng of the medowe of the priour and Couent of Beuer on the Northe party, and of medow of Mergery Bevyngton on the Sowthe party, and the halfe aker lygyng nere Stykeswolddale,' for seventeen years from the feast of the Annunciation of our Lady next following, rendering a 'pepur come' yearly at Michaelmas. Warranty. Witnesses : Henry Merschall, John Buntyng, Robert Flechowr, Thomas Harstone, Herry Inman, Thomas Foster. Seal gone. Endorsed : Yff the forsayd John Drapar be interuppe be the forsayd Rychard or hys wyfe or any odyr of hys lenage then yt ys lefull that the forsayd John schall entur the place of the forsayd Rychard Duryng the terme le abovyn wryttyn. 200. 1492-3 [d Hen. VII], 2 Feb. Botelesford. Grant by Henry Marshall of Botesford and Robert Stoke of the same to Robert Sytheston and Margaret his wife, of a messuage in Botelesford, with all lands, etc., appertaining to the same; the which messuage is situate between the tenement of the lord of Botelesford on S., and a lane which leads to the church on N., and abuts eastward upon the tenement of the heirs of John Bayly, and upon the king's way westward1. The which messuage the grantors, together with Robert Chauncy, now deceased, had of the gift and feoffment of Robert Sytheston, father of the said Robert. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : John Chauncy, Robert Wyre, John Smyth, William Wurteley, John Vyncent, of Botelesford; Henry Brown of Normanton. One seal: small piece of another. 201. 1515 [6 Hen. VIII], 10 April. Grant (indenture) by Richard Hunton2, late of Barston, to Thomas Benyngton ol Bottysford and John Piper of the same, of a close lying in Esthorp in the parish of Bottysford, called Hunton close. 'See No. 191. J/.e., Huntyngdon, as in earlier deeds.
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 169 To hold to the use of the said John Piper, his heirs and assigns, for thirteen years from Lady day next, rendering therefor to the grantor a penny yearly at Christmas, if it be asked, for all secular service, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Stephen Dalby of Muston; Thomas Vincent and Thomas Sutton, of Bottysford. Seal. 202. 1516 [8 Henry VIII], 18 May. Indenture (English) of bargain and sale between Richard Honton of Othorp1, co. Notingham, gentilman, otherwise called Richard Huntyngdon, son and heir of Thomas Huntyngdon, and William Wigston the younger, merchant of the staple of Cales, of all his meases, lands, tenements, etc., in Bottesford and Esthorp in the parish of Bottesford, otherwise called Bottlesford, except only a close in Esthorp, butting on the water and upon the high way, now in the tenure of John Piper, and 2i acres of meadow in Bottesford, now in the holding of Thomas Asshe-well, discharged of all incumbrances save chief rent. Estate to be made before the Nativity of St John Baptist. The said William undertakes to pay £70, of which £35 is paid in hand, and the residue will be paid immediately after fine, recovery, or assurance made. Seal. vrrS?' ^ame ^ate" Bond of the same Richard to the same William in £100, to be paid on the feast of St Bartholomew next. Seal: simple queue. Endorsed with condition of bond, viz., that the said Richard, his heirs and assigns shall keep the covenants, etc., comprised in a pair of indentures bearing date [as above] the same day and year. 204. 1516 [8 Henry VIII], Octaves of St John Baptist, rinal concord in the king's court at Westminster, made before Robert Rede, John Botiller, Richard Elyot, and Lewis Pollard, justices, between William Wigston, jun., merchant of the Jwnf. Calais- Thomas Wigston, clerk, Roger Wigston, and William Fissher, clerk, plaintiffs, and Richard Honton. 'Owthorpe.
170 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS otherwise called Richard Huntyngdon, and Anne his wife deforciants, concerning four messuages, five tofts, sever bovates of land, 20 acres of land, 24 acres of meadow, 4( acres of pasture, and two acres of wood in Botilsford. Tht plaintiffs pay the deforciants for quitclaim, etc., 120 marki of silver. Endorsed: Leyc". Inter Willelmum Wigston mercatorerr Calisie et alios querentes. 204A. Counterpart of above, endorsed: Deliberat. pe proclamationem secundum formam Statuti. 205. 1516 [8 Henry VIII], 4 July. Recovery by William Thomas, and Roger Wygston, and William Fyssher (ai above), by William Bolt, their attorney, v. Richard Hontoi and Anne his wife (as above), by Thomas Waldram, thei attorney, of four messuages, five cottages, seven bovates o land, 120 acres of land, etc. (as in the final concord above in Bottesford and Esthorp. Tested by Robert Rede at West minster. Jenour. Seal. On tag : ex. N.B. The number of acres of land, given in the fini as 20, is given here and in the quitclaim following as 120. 206. 1516 [8 Henry VIII], 20 July. Release and quitclain by Richard Hunton (as before) to William Wygston and thi others (as before) of his right in the premises, stated as ii the recovery above. Seal. 207. 1516 [8 Henry VIII], 24 July. Receipt and acquitt: by Richard Honton, otherwise called Richard Hontyngdor gentilman, of £35, paid by William Wigston, jun., mayc of the town of Calais, in full payment of the £70 purchas money, as in the indenture dated 18 May, 8 Henry VIII1. Seal : single queue. 208. 1516 [8 Hen. VIII], 31 Oct. Grant by John Drape of Botisford to William Wygston, jun., of Leicester, merchar of the staple of Calais, masters Thomas Wygston and Williai 'See No. 202.
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 171 FysKar, clerks, and Robert Clerke of Croxton Keryell, of a messuage in Westhorp in the parish of Botisford, situate between the messuage of Robert Syreston and that of the rector of Bottisford1. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Appointment of Thomas Grey as attorney to deliver seisin. Per me Johannem Draper. Seal gone. Endorsed : Witnesses of delivery of possession, William Smyth, William Budon, Thomas Meye, Thomas Hynde, John Pyper, Roger Gillott, Richard Fynnye, with many others there present. 209. Same date. Indenture (English) of bargain and sale of the said messuage, with three acres of arable land, etc., between John Draper and William Wygston. Estate to be made before the Nativity of St John Baptist next. Evidences to be delivered before Easter next. William pays £4 6s. 8d. Seal. 210. 1516 [8 Hen. VIII], 10 Dec. Release and quitclaim by Henry Marshall of Botisford of all his right in the above messuage, to William Wygston and the other three [as above No. 208]. Seal gone. 211. 1516 [8 Hen. VIII], 31 October. Bond by John Draper of Botesford to William Wygston, jun., merchant of the staple of Calais, in £6 13s. 4d., payable at Christmas. per me Johannem Draper Condition (endorsed): the fulfilment of the terms of indentures of the above date. Seal. 212. 1519 [II Hen. VIII], 1 May. Indenture of lease by William Wigston of Leycestre, merchant of the staple of Calais, to John Piper of Bottysford, for the life of the said John, of a close lying in Esthorp in the parish of Bottysford, of late called Hunton Close1, with exception of the wood ^ee No. 201.
172 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS growing there, for the yearly rent of 13s. 4d., payable two terms in the year. Right of reseisin and distraint a month's arrears after any of the said terms. Warranty Witnesses : Roger Wigston, Robert Clerke, Ro Gillott. Seal. 213. 1522-3 [14 Henry VIII], 22 Jan. Grant by Jc Pateman of Bedford, son and heir of John Pateman of same, to Robert Stucley, John Stucley, son of the said Rob and Peter Make, of all his messuages, lands, tenements, e in Battesford (sic) which of late were of his father, and, al his father s death descended to him by right of inheritan and which the said Robert now has purchased from him. hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Memorandum endorsed of seisin given on the above d in the presence of William Cob, bailiff of Battesford, Thor Vyncent, John Schentall, William Smythe, Roger Mersch Robert Cutler, Richard Hardall, John Calcroft, with mi others, dwelling in the same town. Second endorsement (in another hand): Petur Make. 214. 1523 [15 Hen. VIII], 24 July. Grant by Rol Stuclay to Roger Marschall and John Vyncent, of all messuages, lands, tenements, etc., which he had lately, v John Stuclay, his son, and Peter Make, to the use of H the said Robert, and his heirs, of the gift and grant of J< Pateman of Bedford, son and heir of John Pateman of same, for a sum of money paid by the said Roger. To h of the chief lords, etc., to the use of the said Roger and heirs. Warranty. Endorsed : Wytnes John Schentall, Roger Denys, Thor Dadyslay, Johan Wyre, John Calcroft, Henry Denys. Seal. 215. The Rentall of Bottysford, Esthorpe, Barst admeyll, Wykham, Foston, Beyuer, Harlaston and Aling made in the zere of our lord xvcxxiiij.
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 173 Bottysford. Item in the hold of Thomas Vincent ij oxgongs land with a lytle close—xvj s. John Piper a close—xiij s. iiij d. Thomas Hynd a howse and close—xv s. Robert Sharp for a howse—iiij s. sir Thomas Huytt prest a howse—ij s. Antonye Calyon a howse—vj s. viij d. Thomas mary a howse—v s. John Harston a howse—ix s. Henry Pyper ij oxgongs land—xvij s. Roger Denys ij oxgongs land—xvij s. John Gybson j oxgong land—viij s. vj d. John pyper for a certen cheff—i d. John Paytman of Benyngton for cheff rent—ob. Rychard Hardowe ij oxgongs land—xiij s. iiij d. John Piper a close—vj s. viij d. William Marshall a howse—iij s. Ihesus Gyld for a certen cheff—xviij d. Summa—vj li. xiij s. j d. ob. Barston. Item in the hold of William Wulley (Thomas Andrewe interlined) a howse & certen land—xlvj s. viij d. John Cowper a howse & a zerd land—x s. Robert Gibson for a cheff—vj d. William Baker & John Cowper for cheff rent xj d. Summa—lvij s. vij d. Beyuer Radmell & Wolsthroppe. Item in the hold of John Smothyng of Beyuer a close ij s. Item a nether close in the hold of John Pyper vj s. Item in the hold of William Nobull of Wolsthorp xii lands—xij d. William Grene of Radmell for certen land—xx d. Summa—x s. viij d. Wykham. Item in the hold of Thomas Nyx a ferme place with certen land and Closis in Wykham and Cawdell—iij li xj s. viij d.
174 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Fostun. Item in the hold of William Pace (Thomas Fyshar interlinei a ferme place & a cottage wyth certen land & closis-iiij li. [On dorse] Alyngton. Item in the hold of sir Robert Wynter a howse & certe land—xiiij s. viij d. [Added in another hand] the same sir Robert a howse & certen land—xij Herlaston. Item in the hold of William Whott of a howse with certt land—xviij s. Summa totalis of this Rentall—xix li. vij s. viij d. ol [Added.] Barston. Item Wylliam Daffte for a mese & certen lands—xj s. Wyliam Smyth for a cotage—iiij s. Summa totalis—xx li. ij s. viij d. ob. Womadir' (?) Item .... Tyriwastell for a howse & certen lande-XX s. XX I Wylliam Stoppe for a howse & certen land— xiij s. iiij 216. 1524 [16 Hen. VIII], 16 May. Leycester. Grant 1 Roger Marschall and John Vincent to William Wigston, jur of Leycester, merchant of the staple of the town of Calai Thomas Wigston and William Gillott, clerks, and Robe Clerke of Croxton, of all the messuages, lands, tenement etc., which the said grantors had of late of the gift ai feoffment of Robert Stucley, in the town and fields Bottysford1. To hold to the same and to the heirs and assig of the said William Wigston, of the chief lords, et Warranty. Appointment of John Piper as attorney to take ai deliver seisin. Endorsement of seisin on the date aforesaid in tl presence of sir Walter Kirchware, Ralph Calcrofte, Rob< Cutler, John Pyper, Robert Grove, Roger Jeues, and Hen Pyper. Two seals. 'See No. 214.
BOTJESFORD AND REDMILE 175 217. 1524 [16 Hen. VIII], 17 May. Leycester. Bond by Roger Merschall of Ollerton, co. Notyngham, to William Wigston, jun., of Leycester, merchant of the staple of Calais, in £20, payable at the feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist. Condition (endorsed) : the said Roger to make a good estate to the said William of all his lands and tenements that he or any other to his use has within the town and fields of Bottysford before the said date of payment, and the said William peaceably to enjoy and possess the said lands without vexation or trouble made for any interest or title made by any person to the same. Also on dorse : The lands and mesis that he had of Robert Stucley. 218. 1524 [16 Hen. VIII], 8 October, Leicester. Grant by William Wigston of Leicester, jun., merchant of the staple of the town of Calais, to T homas Wygston, clerk, Roger Wygston, esq., Richard Reynolde, William Gyllot, clerk, Robert Harwar, Edward Beyre, John Westes, Roger Gyllot, Nicolas Reynolde, Randulph Wood, Robert Davye, Thomas Hynde, and Thomas Clerke of Hornynglo, John Gye and Richard Gye of Radmell, of all the messuages, lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Bottisforde which the said grantor of late purchased of the gift and feoffment of Roger Marshall and John Vyncent. To hold of the chief lords, etc to the use of the said William Wigston and his heirs. Warranty. Appointment of Richard Fynye and 1 homas Dawkyns to take and deliver seisin. Per me William Wygston Juniorem leycestrie manu propria. Endorsed (later hand): Bottisford, ye Land of Seal Vincent 219. Same date Grant by William Wigston to master 1 homas Wigston c erk, Roger Wigston, Richard Reynolde, Wilham Gillot, clerk, Robert Harwar, Edward Beyre, John Westas, Roger Gillot, Nicholas Reynolde. Ranulph Wood. 1 homas Hynde, Robert Davy, and Robert Clerke of Croxton' ot all the messuages, lands, tenements, etc., which the said grantor of late had, in the town and fields of Bottisforde
176 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS together with the aforesaid Thomas Wigston, William Gillo and Robert Clerke, of the gift and feoffment of Roger Marshal and John Vyncent. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to th use of sir William Fysshar and sir Richard Walsh, chaplain of the hospital of the said William Wigston in Leycester, am of the poor of the same, for the term of sixty years, witi reversion to the grantor and his assigns, for the performanc and execution of his last will and his free disposal. Warranty Appointment of attorneys as before. Per me William Wygston Juniorem manu propria. Seal. Endorsed : (1) Roger Merchall lande of Bottisford. (2) Memorandum of seisin in the presence c Richard Wilkynson, Henry Denis, John Perpond, Richar Waytt, Thomas Carpyndall, William Whyte, Thome Welby. (3, later hand) Bottisford. 220. 1524 [16 Hen. VIII], 8 November, Leyceste Release and quitclaim by Thomas Wigston, clerk, Williai Gillott, clerk, and Robert Clerke, of Croxton, at the instanc of William Wigston, jun., of Leycester, to Roger Wigstoi Richard Reynold, Robert Harwar, Edward Beyr, Job Westas, Roger Gillot, Nicholas Reynolde, Ranulph Woodi Thomas Hynde, and Robert Dauye, of all their right in a the messuages, lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fielc of Bottisford, which the grantors had, together with the sai William Wigston, of the gift and feoffment of Roger Marsha and John Vincent. Parts of two seals. Endorsed : Relesse of Bottisford. 221. 1526 [18 Hen. VIII], 14 Oct. Bottelisford. Grant t Richard Siston of Stoke1, co. Lincoln, laborer, for a sum 1 money paid in hand, to Robert Gybson of Bottisfor husbandman, of a toft lying in Bottelisford, between tl tenement of William Wygston on E. and that of the lord < Roos on S., and the common way on W. and of all the land meadows, etc., which the grantor has in Bottelisford. J hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
BOTTESFORD AND REDMILE 177 Witnesses : Thomas Calcrofte, Thomas Sutton, Richard Hardall, Thomas Wyre, Richard Wyre. Seal. 222. 1530 [22 Hen. VIII], 4 July. Leycester. Delivery, demise and confirmation by Roger Wigston, esq., Robert Harwar and George Gillot, merchants of the staple of the town of Calais, and Richard Walsche, clerk, to William Wigston the younger, merchant of the staple aforesaid, Thomas Wigston and William Gillot, clerks, and Robert Clerke of Croxton, yoman, of two messuages situate in the town of Radmeyll in le Vale, with all lands, etc., appertaining to the same in the town and fields of Radmeyll, which of late were of Thomas Estofte of Estofte, esq., co. York, and of Isabel his wife, and which the said grantors of late, in the king s court before his justices of the bench at AVestminster, recovered against the said Thomas and Isabel, as by the king's writ of entry upon disseisin in le post in the same court more fully appears by record. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the need and use of the said William for ever. Power of attorney to John Gye of Radmeyll and James Bostok to deliver seisin of the premises. per me Robert Harwar. per me George Gyllott. per me Richardum Welsche. Three seals; fragment of fourth. Endo™ed with names of those present at taking of seisin, R tnT VtnT c 1 = Juhn Gye' WilHam °rd1^ William Roberdes Wilham Stapulforte, John Edlyng, Nicholas Porter. William Handleys, Richard Potwood. Thomas Handleye. Redmeill. 223 1531 [23 Hen. VIII], 20 May. Bottisford. Grant by Robert Cybson of Bottisford, husbandman, for a sum of money paid m hand to William Wygston of Leicester, jun Twni SnaP ? C tOWn °f Calais- Thomas Wygston and William Gyllot. clerks, John Gye and Richard Gye of admell, of a toft and tenement lying in Bottisforde between the tenement of the said William Wygston on E„ and that of the lord de Roos on S., and the common way on W., and 1 Stoke Rochford.
178 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS of all the lands, tenements, etc., of the said Robert in th town and fields of Bottisford1. To hold of the chief lord; etc., to the use of the said William Wygston. Warrantj Appointment of Richard Welsche, clerk, and Thome Vyncent to take and deliver seisin. Witnesses: Roger Marschall, John Pomman, Thome Mary, John Deynys, William Scharpe, Richard Tomlynsoi Thomas Sansun, Richard Gye, Thomas Marschall. Seal. 224. Same date. Bottesforde. Grant by Robert Gybson i Bottisford, husbandman, for a sum of money paid in hand, 1 William Wygston and the others (as in the previous deec of his messuage with the toft and appurtenances lying Bottisford, with all the lands, etc., which he purchased late of the gift and feoffment of Richard Siston of Stoke, c Lincoln, laborer. To hold of the chief lords, etc., as befor Warranty. Appointment of Richard Welsche, clerk, ai Thomas Vynsent, to take and deliver seisin. Seal. 225. 1531-2 [23 Hen. VIII], 4 March. Leycester. Relea and quitclaim by Thomas Wygston and William Gyllot Leicester, clerks, John Gye and Richard Gye of Radmell, William Wygston of Leicester, jun., merchant of the staf of Calais, of all their right in a toft and tenement in the to\ and fields of Bottisford, which they had of late, together w the said William Wygston, of the gift and feoffment of Rob Gybson of Bottisford. Two seals : pieces of the two others. 226. 1531-2 [23 Hen. VIII], 15 March. Grant by Willii Wigston to Thomas Wigston, clerk, Roger Wigston, es Richard Reynolde, William Gyllot, clerk, Robert Harw Edward Beyre, John Westes, Roger Gyllot, Nicolas Reynoli Randulph Wood, Robert Davye, Thomas Hynde, John C and Richard Gye of Radmell, of a toft and tenement, w all lands, rents, etc., in the town and fields of Bottisfor which the grantor of late of the gift and feoffment of Rob Gybson of Bottisforde. To hold of the chief lords, etc., 'See No. 221.
GREAT BOWDEN 179 the use of the said William Wygston and for the fulfilment of his last will. Warranty. Appointment of Thomas Vyncent and Richard Hardall as attorneys to take and deliver seisin. Per me William Wygston Juniorem leycestrie manu propria. Seal. Endorsed (later hand): Bottisford. Gybsons land. 227. Same date. Grant by William Wygston of Leicester, jun., merchant of the staple of Calais, to Thomas Wigston, clerk, Roger Wigston, esq., Richard Renolde, William Gyllot, clerk, Robert Harwar, Roger Gyllot, Nicolas Renolde, Randulph Wood, Richard Stapulls, John Vyncent, John Gye, John Pomman, and Richard Gye, of a toft and tenement, etc., as in the previous deed. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the use of sir William Fysshar and sir Richard Welsche, chaplains of the hospital of the said William Wigston in Leycester, and of the twelve poor of the same, for the term of sixty years, with reversion to the said William Wygston and his assigns, for the performance and execution of his last will and for his free disposal. Warranty. Appointment of I homas Vyncent and Richard Hardall as attorneys to take and deliver seisin. Seal. Endorsed : Robert Gybson lande in Bottisforde. IV. GREAT BOWDEN. /pf IVWn0' B °dCt' {Sunray next bef°re AU Saints, 2 Hen. H k i n"- Grant and confirmation by John Seal. 229. 1423-4, 24 Feb. [St Matthias the apostle 2 Hen VI 1 Boudon. Grant and confirmation by Will am' Hal \ Boudon to John in Hyme H„p„ of
180 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS of his land lying in the north field upon Coule next the lan of the said John on W. To hold of the chief lords, et< Warranty. Witnesses : Thomas Bernard, John Ingold, Richard in 1 Hyrne, John Clerke, John Anneys, chaplain, of Boudon. Small fragment of seal. 230. 1443-4, 14 Feb. [Sf Valentine the martyr, 22 Hei VI.] Boudon. Grant and confirmation by Ralph Scotte i Magna Boudon to John Scotte, clerk, Richard Scotte, Thom; Baverey and Reynold Scotte, of a messuage in Magna Boudc situate between the messuage of John at More on E. and tl king's way on W., the which messuage the said Ralph h< of the gift and feoffment of John Annes, chaplain, with < the lands, meadows, grazings and pastures of the said Rail in the town and fields of Boudon. To hold of the chief lord etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Roger Bernard, John Smyth, Henry Vale tyne, John Ingold, John Eston, of Magna Boudon. Seal. 231. 1475, 4 Nov. [Saf. after All Saints, 15 Edw. IV Boudon. Grant and confirmation by Robert Asby, ali Robert Smyth of Hauerbergh1 to Edward Smyth his broth of Boudon magna, of nine roods and a quarter of arable lai and herbage, lying in the north field of Boudon; whereof t\ selions, containing three roods, lie together upon Onowh, t second and third from the gore on W.; an acre lies up Longelakynwell together next the land late of John Basi on E.; a rood and a half lie upon Wilardesgate, the third frc the gore on E.; a three-perches piece (triperticium) abutti into Langtonbarow sike, and the territory is at Longeportga The which descended to the said Robert of right and inhe tance after the decease of John Asby his father. To hold the chief lords, etc., to the said Edward and the heirs of body lawfully begotten, with remainder, if he die with< such heir, to the said Robert, his heirs and assigns. Warran Witnesses: John Annes, Richard Harper, jun., Thon Denet, Richard Marston, sen., Thomas Skotte of Boudon Seal. "Market Harborough.
GREAT BOWDEN 181 232. 1490, 30 Nov. [Sf Andrew the apostle, 6 Hen. VII.] Bowdon. Grant and confirmation by Robert Swan of Magna Bowdon to Richard Waklen, son and heir of Thomas Waklen, lately deceased, of the same town, and to Elizabeth Waklen, widow, mother of the same Richard, of half an acre of arable land in the field of Bowdon, lying upon Longe Helderne, the eighth from the gore on S., which the said Thomas Waklen in his lifetime and in 22 Edw. IV. held (pertinehat [sic]) of the said Robert. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Power of attorney to Nicholas Jackes of Bowdon to deliver seisin. Witnesses : Roger Crafte, William Waklen, Robert Harper, William Carter, Thomas le Heme, of Bowdon. No seal. Notary's name (?) 'littres' after date. 233. 1497 [13 Hen. VII.], 10 Sept. Bowden. Grant and confirmation by Edward Assheby of Magna Bowden to master William Sotherey, Thomas Denet, Robert Bassett and John Fyssher of Bowden, of two and a half acres of arable land lying in the fields of Bowden, [with] meadow, grazing and wm>Ure' ViZ' "n the.north field a rood and a half lying upon Willersgate, the third from the gore on E.; an acre upon Longelakenwell, next the lands of Robert Bassett on E.; e.® roods upon Onow, the second and third from the gore on W., and a headland of three perches upon Longeporte-gate ; in the west field a rood upon Shorteldurne next the land of the chantry of Bowghton 2 on either side. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : John Deken of Bowden, Richard Deken, Richard Harper, sen. Small fragment of seal. 234. 1500 [16 Hen. VII.], 15 Oct. Boudon. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Harper, Nicholas Jakys and Alice Swan of Boudon magna to Thomas Cawode, chaplain, of an acre of land lying on Banham next the land of Thomas Smyth field* m!' 23Wh'1h d°es "T in,clu<le 'he remaining rood in the W , 'h"e wa,s a chantry in the church of Great Bowden (Val. Eccl. iv chantrv rtf (BoW8h.ton j8 Probably Boughton in co. Northampton. The M J °J Priests there (ibid, iv, 323) possessed land in Leicestershire (dssoc. Arch,I, Soc. Reports xxxi. 139), the locality of which is indicated
182 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS on E. and that of William Sotherey on W. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Power of attorney to John Fyssher and John Crystyan of Bowdon to deliver seisin. Warranty. Witnesses: Roger Crafft, William Brewster, Richard Deken, Richard Harper, Robert Warde, Robert Johnson, Richard Annes, of Boudon. Two seals : one gone. 235. 1500 [16 Hen. VII.], 4 Nov. Boudon. Release and quitclaim by Ameta Hackett of Kybworth to Thomas Cawod, chaplain, of all her right in an acre of land lying in the field of Boudon magna upon Banham, next the land of Thomas Smyth on E. Witnesses: Roger Crafft, Richard Harper, sen., Richard Carter, William Carter, Thomas Heme, John Fissher, Robert Johnson. Seal. 236. 1501 [16 Hen. VII], 20 May. Boudon. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Cawode, chaplain, to Thomas Sherewode, of an acre of land lying in the fields of Boudon magna upon a tillage called Banham, next the land of d homas Smyth on E. and that of William Sotherey, clerk, on W. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Power of attorney to Thomas Harper, sen., and Nicholas Jakes of Boudon, to deliver seisin. Warranty. Witnesses : John Fyssher, John Cristyan, Nicholas Smyth, Robert Dekyn, Robert Walkeleyn, of Boudon. 237. 1507 [21 Hen. VII. ] 4 July. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Sherewode of Hauerbergh to Thomas Sherewode his kinsman and Thomasine Sherwode, wife of the grantor, of an acre of his land lying in the fields of Boudon magna upon a tillage called Banham next the land of Thomas Smyth on E. and that of William Sothery, clerk, on W. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Power of attorney to John Rudde to deliver seisin. Witnesses : Nicholas Jakes of Boudon, William Brewster, John Crystian. Seal gone.
GREAT BOWDEN 183 238. 1507 [22 Hen. VII.], 4 May. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Shirwode of Shefford, co. Bedford, and Thomasine Shirwode, widow, sometime the wife of Thomas Shirwode of Hauerborogh, to Miles Roosse of Boudon Magna, of an acre of land, etc. [as in foregoing]. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Power of attorney to Roger Crafft and Richard Deken to deliver seisin. Warranty. Witnesses : William Breuster, Nicholas Jackes, Richard Carter, Robert Warde, Thomas Richard, of Boudon. Two seals. 239. 1507 [22 Hen. VII.], 9 July. Grant and confirmation by John Cristian, vicar of Willen, co. Buckingham, clerk1, to John Cristian, son of Roger, of Boudon magna, of a messuage and the third part of a messuage in Boudon, and 23 acres, a rood and three quarters of arable land, herbage and meadow, five pastures for great beasts (gross' animalium), rents, reversions and services, with all their several appurtenances, which he has in the town and fields of Boudon. Whereof one messuage is situate at the S. end of Boudon next the lord s land on S. and the vennel commonly called Birdes lane on E.; and the third part of a messuage lies in Boudon, next the tenement of the said John son of Roger on E., abutting on the king's way and extending as far as Snaylewelle. And the land is thus situated : in the east field a rood and a half upon Craneworth, next the land of William Neell on S.; a rood upon Sholbrede, next the land of Thomas Herne on E.; a piece of three perches in Ergatisholme, next the land of Thomas Cristian on N.; two roods upon Micul-barow next the land of William Wakelin on E.; a rood and a half upon Twardolys, next the land of William Wakelyn on N.; a piece of three perches upon the same tillage, next the land of John Kyng on S.; a rood upon Litilbergh, the second from the gore on N, a rood upon Snakysseke, next the land of John Russell on S.; half an acre upon Sande-furlong, next the land of William Herper; two roods upon Morefurlong together, next the land of the heirs of John lohn Sh / r°,°^upon Lakefurlong, next the land late of ate of tKr J ff 3 r°°d "eXt the ^d ate of the said John; a piece of three perches upon the S. £»5)f Wi"en in 1520 and 1536
184 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS side of Miculbergh, next the land late of Thomas Cristian on E.; a piece of three perches upon the same, next the land o<- William Peer on E.; a piece of three perches upon Miculbergh, next the land late of John Eston on E.; six roods lying together upon Sekefurlong, next the land late of Roger Barnard on E.; a rood upon Potterscrofft, next the land of Thomas Tany on S.; two pieces of three perches abutting towards Shovolbrode, next the land late of Roger Barnard on E.; three pieces of three perches lying between Morefurlong and le ley wong, next the land of Robert Wentworth on E.; a rood and a half upon Granowuerow, next the land of John Skepper on W.; a piece of three perches upon Targett-holme, next the land of John Amies on N;. a rood upon Shovolbrode, next the land of the said Thomas Cristian on W.; a rood upon Miculbergh, next the land late of Richard Swan on S. In the west field, half an acre of herbage in Wakelopittes, next the land of Leonard Acton on E. In the south field a rood under Effeald, next the land of William Herper on E.; a rood and a half upon Goysacur, next the gore on W.; a rood upon Colfitacur, next the land of John Sherman on S.; a rood and a half in Hauerbergh Slade, next the land of Robert Burdon on W.; two and a half roods lying together upon Bukwellemore next the gore on W.; half a rood upon Litilhyll, next the gore on E.; a rood and a half and a piece of three perches together towards le Gate Milne, next the land of Thomas Deken, sen., on S.; three roods upon Effeald, next the land of William Mannyng on W.; a rood extending in to Kirkegates, next the land of the said Roger Barnard on either side; a piece of three perches upon Effeald, next the gore on E.; a rood and a half upon Wikmedow, next the land late of Richard Deken on E.; a rood and a half at Tymcrosse, next the land late of Roger Barnard on E.; a rood upon Ouerholborgh, next the land of Richard Browne on W.; a rood and a half upon Ouergoseacur, next the land late of John Coste on E. In the north field, five pieces of three perches upon Rokyll, next the gore on N.; two pieces of three perches upon Galow, next the land of William Neell on E.; three roods upon Rokyll, next the land late of the said Roger Barnard on N.; one piece of three perches upon Jonsty, the second from the gore on S.; a rood upon Shirdecotes, next the land late of William Perkyn or E.; three pieces of three perches extending in to Mayners-holme, one piece next the land late of John Shirwod on W.;
GREAT BOWDEN 185 one next the land of "William Smyth on 5X7.; one next the land of Henry Doyly on E.; an acre of frushes in le Maynersholme. extending in to Cleypole by Hyllynges plott on S.; a rood upon Grymyswong, next the land of John Skepper on E.; a rood and a half upon Warpas, next the land of John Skepper on W.; a rood upon Estlonge, next the land of Richard Merston on N.; half a rood in Maynersholme, next the land of the rector of Boudon on W.; a rood upon Estlonge, next the land of John Bassett on N.; a rood upon the same tillage next the land late of John Clement on S.; three roods and three half-roods lying together upon le Thonge next the gore on E.; a rood and a half upon the same, next the land of the rector on W.; two roods upon le Breste, next the land of Richard Petenale on E.;a rood upon the same tillage, next the land late of William Herper on W.; a rood upon Ouer Grimis-wonge, next the land late of Thomas Cristian on W.; three roods lying together upon Galow, next the land late of William Neell on E.; a rood upon le Galow, abutting upon Paynysgore; a rood and a half upon Warpars, next the land late of Thomas Cristian on E.; and five pastures among the common pastures of Boudon. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses: Thomas Herper, jun., John Cort, William Lee, Thomas Breuster, Robert Warde, Nicholas Fissher. Seal gone. 240. 1507-8 [23 Hen. VII.}, 22 Feb. Boudon. Grant and confirmation by Richard Scotte of Boudon magna, chaplain, to Miles Roos, gentleman, and Elizabeth his wife, of a messuage in Great Boudon, situate between the messuage sometime of John at More on E. and the king's way on W., with all its appurtenances in the town and fields of Boudon1! To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Power of attorney to John Cristian and Richard Herper, son of Richard, to deliver seisin. Witnesses: Richard Deken, William Breuster, Thomas Russell, Roger Crafft Richard Carter, William Johnson, Kobert Deken, or Boudon. Seal gone. *See No. 230.
186 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS 24E 1507-8 [23 Hen. VII.], 27 Feb. Boudon. Release and quitclaim in her pure widowhood by Agnes Botfysshe, of Boudon magna, sometime the wife of Thomas Scotte, deceased, of all her right in a messuage, etc. [as described in foregoing]. Warranty. Witnesses : Richard Deken, Nicholas Jakys, Robert Warde, Thomas in le Heme, Robert Crafft, Thomas Herper, sen., Thomas Herper, jun., of Boudon. Seal. 242. 1514 [6 Hen. VIII.], 15 June. Boudon. Grant and confirmation by John Nicols and Elizabeth his wife of Rokyngham, and Richard Wakelyn, son of Thomas, late of Boudon, to Miles Roos of Boudon, gent., and Elizabeth his wife, Brian Roos, clerk, and Thomas Richardson of Hauer-burgh, of seven roods of arable land in the fields of Boudon, viz. two roods lying together upon Portegate, next the gore on E., a rood upon Breest, next the land late of John Shirwode on E., a rood upon Miculbarow, next the land of Thomas Herpei on N., a rood upon the hill, next the land of Thomas le Heme on , and half an acre upon Longe Eldurne, the eighth from the gore on S. To hold of the chief lords, etc., for the need and use of the said Miles and Elizabeth and the hein and assigns of Miles. Power of attorney to John Deken anc Richard Anneys to deliver seisin. Warranty. Witnesses : Thomas Herper, sen., Richard Deken Thomas Denett, William Breuster, William Johnson. Seals gone. 243. 1514 [6 Hen. VIII.], 9 August. Boudon. Grant anc confirmation by Edward Ashby of Halouton1 to Miles Rooi of Boudon magna, gentleman, and Elizabeth his wife, anc to Thomas Richardson of Harborogh, of nine and a quartei roods of arable land and herbage in the north field of Boudon viz. two selions containing three roods lying together upor Onowgh, the second and third from the gore on W.; ar acre upon Longelakenwell together, next the land late o John Bassett on E.; a rood and a half upon Wilardesgate the third from the gore on W.; [and a piece of three perches abutting into Langtonbarow sike, and the territory is a ^allaton.
GREAT BOWDEN 187 Longeportegate1. To hold of the chief lords, etc. for the need and use of the said Miles and Elizabeth, and the heirs and assigns of Miles. Warranty. Power of attorney to John Deken and Richard Herper, son of Richard, to deliver seisin. Witnesses : Richard Deken, William Breuster, Richard Annes, Richard Carter, William Johnson. Seal gone. 244. 1522 [13 Hen. VIII.], 26 March. Grant and confirmation by Miles Roos, gentleman, to Nicholas Marten, James Foster and Thomas Foxton, of a messuage lying in the town and fields of Bowdon magna, which the said Miles lately had of the gift, grant and confirmation of Richard Scotte of Bowdon, chaplain; of nine and a quarter roods of arable land and herbage in the north field of Bowdon, which he lately had of the gift, etc. of Edward Ashby of Halouton; of seven roods of arable land in the fields of Bowdon, which he lately had of the gift, etc. of John Nicols and Elizabeth his wife of Rokyngham, and of Richard Wakelyn, son of Thomas, late of Bowdon; and of an acre of land in the fields of Bowdon which he lately had of the gift, etc. of Thomas Shirwode, of Shefford, co. Bedford, and of Thomasine Shyrwode, widow, sometime i the wife of Thomas Shirwode of Harburgh2. To hold of the 1 chief lords, etc. Warranty. Power of attorney to Ralph Carter and Thomas Crystyan to deliver seisin. Seal. Signed : Milo Roos. 245. Same date. Acknowledgment of bond by Miles Roos of Maydewell, co. Northampton, gentilman, to Nicholas , Marten, in £20, payable at Michaelmas next. 5 Condition ; peaceful possession by the said Nicholas of a j messuage, nine and a quarter roods of land and herbage, r and seven roods, one acre of arable land in the town and fields of Magna Bowdon. i Signed : Milo Roos. 246. 1522 [13 Hen. VIII.], 28 March. Release and quitclaim by Thomas Richardson of Hauerburgh, at the instance, desire and request of Miles Roos, to Nicholas Marten, James Foster, and Thomas Foxton, of all his right in nine and a 'See Nos. 231, 233. 2/.e. all the property comprised in Nos. 240-243.
188 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS quarter roods of arable land and herbage in the north field of Bowdon magna, which the said Thomas Richardson lately had jointly with Miles Roos and Elizabeth his wife of the gift, etc., of Edward Ashby of Halouton1. Part of seal. 247. 1522 [14 Hen. VIII.], 4 August. Indenture [English] of bargain and sale by Nicholis (sic) Marten of Great Bowdon bayly of Hauerburgh, to William Wigston the younger, of his mese place in Great Bowdon, with all his lands, etc., in the town and fields of Bowden, now in his tenure, to the yearlj value of 13s. 4d. Estate to be made before the feast of the Purification next. William Wigston gives £10. Per me necoles mertyn. Part of seal. 248. 1522 [14 Hen. VIII.], 5 August. Grant and confirms tion by Nicholas Marten of Bowden magna to Willian Wigston of Leicester, jun., merchant of the staple of Calais Thomas Wigston, clerk, and William Gillot, clerk, of i messuage with its appurtenances in the town and fields o Bowden, nine and a quarter roods of arable land and herbage in the north field of Bowden, and seven roods of arable land in the fields of Bowden, and also an acre of land in the fields of Bowden; the which premises he lately had of the gift, etc., of Miles Roos, gent. To hold, etc., to the use o William Wigston, his heirs and assigns, of the chief lords etc. Warranty. Appointment of Thomas Cristyan am Richard Finny as attorneys to deliver seisin. per me necoles mertyn. Seal gone. 249. 1522-3 [14 Hen. VIII.], 20 Feb. Letters of Willian Wigston, Thomas Wigston and William Gillott, constitutin Richard Walsche their attorney to receive seisin fror Nicholas Marten of Bowndon magna of the property mer tioned above. Fragment of seal : simple queue. 'See No. 243.
GREAT BOWDEN 189 250. 1523 [14 Henry VIII.], 15 April. Indenture [English] of bargain and sale by John Cristyan of Much Bowden to William Wigston the younger, of the property as stated fully below [No. 252]. Estate to be made before the Nativity of St John Baptist next. William Wigston shall pay £10 13s. 4d. Seal. 251. Same date. Bond by John Cristyan of Bowden magna to William Wigston, jun., of Leicester, merchant of the staple of Calais, in 20 marks, payable at the feast of the Nativity of St John Baptist. Condition : the fulfilment of terms of indenture made on the date of these presents. Seal. 252. N.d. [ 1523 ]1 Grant and confirmation by John Cristyan of Bowden magna to William Wigston of Leicester, jun., merchant of the staple of the town of Calais, Thomas Wigston, clerk, and William Gillott, clerk, of 16 acres, 3i roods of arable land, herbage and meadow, five pastures of great beasts, and his rents, reversions and services in the fields of Bowdon magna, viz. in the east field a rood and a half upon Craneworth, next the land of William Neyll on S.; a piece of three perches in Ergatisholme, next the land of Thomas Cristyan on N.; a rood and a half upon Twerdolys, next the land of William Wakelyn on N.; a piece of three perches upon the same tillage next the land of John Kyng on S.; a rood upon Littilbergh, second from the gore on N.; a rood upon Snakissik next the land of John Russell on S.; a rood and a half upon Mickilbergh, next the land of Thomas Smyth on N.; three pieces of three perches lying together, next the land of the rector of Bowdon magna on N.; a piece of three perches on the S. side of Mickilbergh, next the land late of Thomas Cristyan on E.; a piece of three perches upon the same, next the land of William Peer on E.; six roods lying together upon Sekfurlong, next the land late of Roger Bernard on E.; three pieces of three perches lying between Morfurlang and le Laywong, next the land of Robert Went-worth on E.; a piece of three perches upon Tergetholme, 'See No. 239 Of the land mentioned in that charter, approximately If r Prese"' granV which contains particulars of some 4i acres not included in the earlier document. In neither charter does the sum total answer accurately to the particulars.
190 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS next the land of John Amies on N.; a rood upon Mickilbergh next the land of Richard Swan on S. In the west field, half an acre of herbage in Wakelopittes, next the land of Leonard Acton on E In the south field, a rood upon Colfittacre, next the land of John Sherman on S.; a rood and a half in Hauer-borugh slade, next the land of Robert Burdon on W.; two and a half roods lying together upon Bukwellmoore, next the gore on W ; a rood extending into Kirkgates, next the land of the said Roger Barnard on both sides; a piece of three perches upon Effealde, next the gore on E,; a rood and a half upon Wikmedow, next the land late of Richard Deaken on E • a rood upon Ouerholburgh, next the land of Richard Browne on W.; six roods upon Whildik next the land of the said Leonard Acton on N. In the north field, two pieces of three perches upon Galow, next the land of William Neyll on E.; a rood upon Sherdecotes, next the land late of William Perkyn on E.; three pieces of three perches extending in to Mayners-holme, whereof one is next the land late of John Sherwoode on W., one next the land of William Smyth on W., one next the land of Henry Doyly on E.; an acre of frushes (friscarum) in le Maynersholme extending into Cleypoole next Hillyngisplott on S.; a rood and a half upon Warpas, next the land of John Skepper on W.; a rood and a half upon e honge, next the gore on E.; a rood and a half upon the same next the land late of John Clement on S„ five roods lying together upon le Thonge next the gore on E„ a rood and a half upon the same next the rector's land on W.; two roods upon le Brest, next the land of Richard Petenall on E„ two roods lying together in Whittersikk next the gore on E.f a rood and a half lying together upon Brown furlong next the an o Jo n Corke on E., and of meadow five pastures of great beasts among all the pastures of Bowdon. To hold, CfC I t0 l • iUSe> William Wigston, his heirs and assigns, ot the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Seal. of'wir ,52y/5 25 April1. Letters of attorney of William Wigston, Thomas Wygston, and William Gillott, constituting Thomas Dawkyns their attorney to receive seisin ot the above property from John Cristian of Bowdon magna. Pieces of three seals : simple queue. 'This probably gives the date of No. 252.
GREAT BOWDEN 191 254. 1523-4 [15 Hen. VIII.], 5 Feb. Copy of grant, dated at Bouden magna, by Nicholas Smyth of the same, to Nicholas Martyn, Richard Deaken, John Cortt, and Ralph Cartar ot the same, of all his lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Bouden. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : John Deaken of Bouden, Thomas Cristyan, Richard Hodge, Robert Jonson, of the same. Also copy of the will of the said Nicholas Smyth, as follows. 254A. IN DEI NOMINE AMEN the xii dey of Februarye the yere of our lorde god a ml cccc xxiijti 1 Nicholas Smyth of much Bowdon holl of mynde and in perfecte memory, make my testament and last will in maner and fourme folowyng. Fyrst 1 bequethe my soull to god allmyghty to our lady Saynt Mary and to all the holy Company of heven my body to be buried in the church yard of much Boudon. Also I bequethe for my mortuarye my best good after maner and custome of the Countie. Also I bequethe to the Repara-ci°n of the church of lincoln. ijd. Also 1 bequethe to the hye alter of mych Bowdon for my tythes forgoten. iiijd. Also 1 bequethe to the mendyng of causes' and hye waysse in Bowdon. xijd. Also 1 bequethe to the greyt Bell of Bowdon aforeseid. xxd. Also I bequethe to Margaret my wiff all my lands and tenaments pastures medows and leysoures within the towne and felds of Bowdon and Bowdon (sic) within the Countie of Leicestur during hir life after my decesse except three accrysse of land the which 1 will be sold to bring me to the ground2. And after hyr deceysse I will that Richard goode haue all my seid lands and tenaments in townes and felds of Bowdon and Bowdon to hym and to his ayres for ever, And if the said Richard goode deceysse before Margaret my wife, then 1 will aftur the deceysse of my wiffe my said lands and tenaments in townes and fields of Boudon and Bowdon aforesaid be sold by my feoffers of my seid lands and tenaments aforseid and the money therof receyvid to be bestowed a pon a booke called a Antiphonarye. as gud as the other antyphonary booke is within the said churche of Boudon. And the seid booke aftur hit be bought to ly apon the Northeside of the quere : Also I will that Margaret my wiffe haue all my moveable goods duryng hyr liffe And at hir departing to haue. xxvjs.viijd. to bring hir to the grounde Causeways. 2/.e., for his funeral expenses.
192 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS the which Margaret I make my sole executrix, And also make supervisoures of this my testament Richard goo, Richard Carter and Thomas Smythe Witnes Richard Deake Richard Amies Johan Deaken Richard harper with other moc Notary's mark, with: Dominus Johannes Hardy sacr auctoritate apostolica notarius publicus manu propria. 255. 1524 [16 Hen. VIII.], 5 July. Grant and confirmatio, by Nicholas Martyn of Bowden magna, Richard Deaken John Cortt and Richard Carter of the same to William Wigstoi jun„ I homas Wigston and William Gillott, of three acre 0 arable land in the fields of Bowden magna, viz. three rood upon Rokhill, fifth from the gore, next the land of Job 1 fPeA °n 3 roo<^ near Langton gate, next the land o l n . r's'^an on W.; a rood near the way which leads t< t e mill, next the land of Thomas Smyth on W.; a rood am a a upon Efeld, next the land of Robert Deaken on E. a rood and a half in the Hallow, next the land of Thoma u derige on W.; three roods upon Foxton gate, next thi an Robert Jonson on W. and that of Thomas Smytl °n g a ro°d upon Wise forthe, next the rector's lam on . To hold, etc., to the use of William Wigston, hi heirs and assigns, of the chief lords. Warranty. per me necoles martyn by me Rye. Dekon. per me Johan. Cortt by me Raue Robyns* per me Radulphus Carter Four seals (fragmentary). 256 l52? t/6 VIII : dates blank]. Letters of Williair lgston, Thomas Wigston and William Gillet, constituting l i aiG ^alsche t^eir proctor to receive seisin froir Nicholas Martyn, etc., of the above property. Three seals (fragmentary): simple queue. ^ Hen. VIII.], 20 May. Quitclaim by 1 nomas Wigston and William Gillott, clerks, to William Vt/S?l-er ^'char^ Walshe, chaplains of the hospital ol i 'am lgston the younger of Leycester, and to the poor ° t e same, of their right in the premises specified in No.
BREEDON-ON-THE-HILL 193 248, as of the grant of Nicholas Martyn in the town and fields of Bowden. per me Thomam Wygston per me Wyllelmum Gylott One seal, the other gone. Endorsed : Relaxacio de Bowden pro mesuagio. 258. 1528 [19 Hen. VIII.], 13 April. Quitclaim by Thomas Wigston, clerk, and William Gillott, clerk, to sir William Fyshare and sir Richard Walche his confrater, chaplains, and the twelve poor men of the hospital of William Wigston the younger of Leycestre, merchant of the staple of the town of Calais, of all their right in the premises specified in No. 252 above as of the grant of John Cristyan in the town and fields of Bowdon magna. To hold to them and their successors for ever. Seals gone. Endorsed : Release of Bowdon. 259. 1528 [19 Hen. VIII.], 21 April. Quitclaim as in No. 257 by 1 homas Wigston, clerk, and William Gillott, clerk to sir William Fyshare and sir Richard Walche his confrater,' chaplains, and the twelve poor men of the hospital of William Wigston the younger of Leycester, merchant of the staple of the town of Calais. Two seals : simple queue. Endorsed : Release of Bowdon. V. BREEDON-ON-THE-HILL. 260. 1414, 31 Dec. [Monday before the Circumcision, 2 Hen. V.] Bredon. Release and quitclaim by Henry Ryu'et, vicar of the church of Bredon1, Alexander Mylner of the same and Henry Baker of Hemyngton. to Thomas Porter of Assheby la Zouche and Alice his wife, late the wife of John of Langton of Bredon, of all their right in all those lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Bredon, which they lately had of the gift and grant of the said Alice, while she was in her pure widowhood in Bredon, for the term of life 'Instituted 21 April, 1396 (Lincoln Reg. xi., f. 231 d.). The date of hi. retirement is not recorded.
194 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS Thomas and Alice in survivorship. To hold of the chief lords, etc. \Varranty. Witnesses : Thomas Bertvyle, Robert Briscowe. Williarr Walker, of Tonge; John Shefeld, William Mason, of Bredon. Two seals. 260A. Duplicate of the foregoing. 261. 1425, 15 Aug. [Assumption of B.V.M., 3 Hen. VI.] . w{v an' a,nd confirmation by John Hardwyn of Bredur 0 William Robe of Denyntun', Thomas Hardwyn ol Leycetur, John Kyntun of Markfeld, and William Masun ol ip j' °f aii hls ands and tenements in the town and fields of Bredun. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Witnesses : Robert Cok of Bredun, William Bartefeld ol 1 onge, Robert Busco, William Walker. Seal. k W U u K/-]' 1 Dec- Grant and confirmation by William Hardewyn of Whitewyk to master Thomas Loughtburgh, Richard Byngham, John Trenthall, Robert 1 ^ am an Thomas Mullysworth, of a messuage in Bredon, lying between the tenement sometime of Thomas Assheby n at sometime of Thomas Salter, and extending from the king s way towards Bredon hill (versus montem de Bredon), AS Su ° ? wf aJ1<^s' etc-» in the town and fields of Bredon, Anderchyrch Worthyngton, Tonge and Willyston2. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. of IVMk11658" :DW,'llianl Walk« of Bredon, William Barley of R j T' Richard Corviser of Bredon, Richard Sparkes and Johnnpotteenrrof Newbo^^1"810"' ^ ^ Seal. of Whi,r^amr C'ate' j-etters of attorney of William Hardewyn of the CWy' app?"Jtm8 Robert Barnevyle to deliver seisin ins,e*d °<*"<><">•»«>• i» Seal. 'Probably Castle Donington. "Wilson.
BREEDON-ON-THE-HILL 195 264. Same date. Letters of attorney of master Thomas Loughtburgh, Richard Byngham, John Trenthall, Robert Witham and Thomas Mullysworth, appointing Henry del Hall Ouerton and John Swepston to receive seisin on their behalf from William Hardewyn of a messuage in Bredon, and also of all those lands, etc., in the towns and fields of Ander-chyrche, Worthyngton, Tonge and Willyston, according to the force, etc., of a charter made to them by the said William. Five seals. 265. 1444 [22 Hen. VI.], 20 June. Indenture of grant and confirmation by master Thomas Loughtburgh, Richard Byngham, John Trenthall and Robert Wytham to Milicent (Milcencie) Staunton, of a messuage in Bredon lying between the tenement sometime of Thomas Assheby and that sometime of Thomas Salter, and extending from the king's way towards Bredon hill, and also of all those lands, etc in the tcwn and fields of Bredon, Anderchyrch, Worthyngton, 1 onge and Willyston, which the said grantors, together with Thomas Mullysworth lately had of the gift and grant of William Hardewyn of Whitewyk; the said Thomas Mullysworth having gone the way of all flesh at the day of the making of these presents. To hold to the said Millicent for the term of her life, with remainder to Thomas Staunton the elder, his heirs and assigns, of the chief lords, etc. Witnesses : Richard Neel of Shepyshede, Henry Hall of Ouerton, Robert Bernevell of Threngeston, John Porter of Worthyngton, Richard Sparke of Bredon. Four seals. 266 Same date. Letters of attorney of Thomas Staunton the elder and Milicent his wife, appointing William Kelme o receive seisin from master Thomas Loughtburgh and the three others as in the preceding deed, of the messuage etc specified therein. * ' One seal : the other gone. 267. 1528 [19 Hen. VIII.], 31 March1. Indenture [English] of partition between sir William Turvyle, knight, and Thomas Hasylryg, esq., and Robert Hasylryg his brother, of all such 1This deed does not relate directlv to Breedrm ;« • 1 y-d the d....„ the B.eidop p.pp^Td
196 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS lands and tenements as late were of one Thomas Staunton esq., the younger, in the towns and fields of Hathern and Longe Whatton, co. Leicestre, Normanton uppon Soore and Skarryngton, co. Nottyngham, and which were the jointure of the lady Savage late wife to the said Thomas Staunton; of the which the said William, Thomas and Robert are tenants in common, y the reason the said sir William purchased to him and to his heirs of one Kateryne Turvyle his mother all such part and portion as belonged to the said Kateryne, and the said 1 homas Hasylryg is heir to Elizabeth, eldest sister and one of the heirs of the said Thomas Staunton, and the foresaid Kobert hath purchased to him and his heirs of one Margaret Wylne, second sister and residue of the heirs of the said homas Staunton such part and portion as belonged to the tk Tfie partition is made in form ensuing; viz. e said homas and Robert give and grant to the said sir Will,am all their parte and portions of the lands in Normanton, x en e at ^ s. a year, and also lands and tenements in Hatherne in the holding of William esq. (sic), extended at fi' L w / S and tenemer»ts ^ Hatherne in the holding °!:J • ex'ended at 19 s., to have and hold to the Slr 1 Jam, etc. in full recompense of such part and portion as the said sir William had in the residue of the said ands and tenements in the towns aforesaid. And likewise e same sir William and Robert grant to the said Thomas l-lasylng the lands and tenements in Hathern in the tenure Th om^s a °n, extended at 43s. and in the tenure of r d i S nSS e^° e' extended at 21s. 4d. and in the tenure H,., i Cr ower, extended to 20s. to have to the said Thomas g, e c. n in like manner the said sir William and tenema%glVe f,nd grant to th« said Robert all the lands and 10s and R K 3 wTI 3t Ge°rge Pratt held- extended at lands d ^" Wy'SOn hdd' extended 7s„ and the and the 1 T6"16;?18 m ge Whatton, extended at 47s„ 23s to h ^d ^ rU tejenleintS 'n Skarr>'ng';on. extended at to m5e f, th° C ^°bert' etC' The Parties are agreed all the ev rl' ^ means r surety when required, and that ments and'concern'ng the aforesaid lands and tene-Staunton il S I he'ands tenements of the said Thomas Kynston co N°u B°nyngt0n' Normanton uppon Soore and wWof oart'iti ynghamJ a,nd Thurk-ton, co. Leicestre, August 6 Hen°n\/TnS mahe the said Parties on 14 V111' as by indenture tripartite of the date
BREEDON-ON-THE-H ILL 197 of these presents appeareth, shall be divided and delivered to the party having the lands and tenements that the same evidences only concern, and such evidences as concern lands in all their parties shall be delivered in true copies to every party, and the evidences to be put in such indifferent custody as the said parties or their heirs shall condescend, and likewise, if the evidences concern land in two of their parties, copies to be delivered to the said two parties, and the evidences to be put in such indifferent custody as please those two and their heirs to appoint. The foot of the indenture remains with sir William, the further head with Thomas Hasylrig, and the latter head with the said Robert. Signed : per me Wylliam Turvyle. per me Robertum Hasilrig. Two seals. Endorsed : particio inter Turvill & Hasilrige. 268. 1532 [23 Hen. V/If.], 31 August. Indenture [English] between sir William Turvyle, knight, on the one party, William Wygston the younger, merchant of the staple at Calic , on the second, and Robert Wylne, gentylman, of the third. Whereas the said parties are tenants in common of all such lands and tenements as late were of Thomas Staunton, esq., the younger, in the towns and fields of Bredon, Ander-chyrche, I onge and Barowehillis, co. Leicestre, and were the jointure of the lady Savage, late wife to the said Thomas, in the towns aforesaid, by reason the premises were descended to one Elizabeth Hasylrig, Margaret Wylne and Kateryne Turvyle, as sisters and heirs to the said Thomas Staunton, which the said sir William has purchased to him and his heirs of the said Kateryne, his mother's sister (sic), all such part and portion as belonged to her, whose heir apparent the said sir William is; and the said William Wygston hath purchased of one Thomas Hasylrig, son and heir to the said Elizabeth, the eldest sister and one of the heirs of the said Thomas, such part and portion as belonged to the said Thomas Hasylrig; and the said Robert Wylne had given to his use, his wife's and his heirs', at the time of his marriage, by a deed of feoffment made by the said Margaret his grandam, the second sister and residue of the heirs of the said Thomas Staunton, and by John Wylne his father, whose heir apparent the said Robert is, all such part and portion as
198 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS belonged to the said Margaret and John. And also wherea« \V 7° 1,nde"tures '"Partite made between the said sir William Turvyle Thomas Hasylrig and Robert H^ig bearing date in the 19th year of Henry VIII, in which mden-Thurke tS P Hy ?eC,ared of certain Iands and tenements ir hurkeston, Hatherne, Longe Whatton, co. Leicestre ormaanton vppon Soore, Skaryngton, Sutton, Bonyngton co. Nottyngham the which lands and tenements were parted apportioned and divided between the said sir William I homas and Robert, and the aforesaid lands and tenements in oredon, etc., were at that time not departed or divided1: Therefore, the said sir William, Thomas and Robert so being seised of the premises in common, it is now covenanted, argame , etc., that a partition of the premises be made ZTr U m mann,er 3nd f°rm ensuing. The said William and Robert give and grant to the said sir William all their part and portion in a tenement in Bredon late in the hold 1 homas Parken, with all the land and meadow which were r I J- -j i , c muu ana meaaow late divided by neighbours between the said sir Willian and Robert and were joined to Thomas Perkyns house, anc l• f • d r J W 1 nomas rerKyn s Mouse, anc •.I a.iC IC m. re .on an<^ Tong of 3s. rent, which tenemenl rl thefPrfemise,s 18 extended at 22s. rent by year, and the W AT -°l 3 SC ca"ed Barowehillis, to wit the Copyt odde with a meadow, and the nether ende of the wood al ove °V1r elk ° 1 c6 meadow- enclosing a pit for water, and sc er s ra.ght to Stocwode hegge, and also a house with s comrr^ °S k j'6 SOWn Wltb oats w»th the Rogh corner to the h~ ^'^ded at lis. lid. To have, etc., tc Dortion S'k k'jam t"1 ^U". recomPense of such part and afore«a'^S A J i" • res'due °f the lands and tenements manne ' " ° j S9ld S'r William and Robert in like Bredon -glVrk t0 the said William a tenement in exchaLlV rk wr nf J°hn Smyth with certain ,ands ,ate neLhbo, 7 k" Wl"iam TurVyle by the 8fght ['• - -ew] of r7m and'th tk ^ easement of the tenantry, extended at 22s. the mead °f ^ Said dose' that is to 8ay- bom comnli°W UPWardLS- buttinS uP°n the Clowde Noke and so secondnVTl 8vde to the partition of the and H like " "I? f'°Se' CXtended ,0s" 'id-certain cLtt """"n f their part and portion of and in a age in Bredon with two closes or tofts and certain 'See No. 267.
BREEDON-ON-THE-HILL 199 lands in the fields to the same cottage belonging in the tenure of John Hopkyn, extended at 7s. rent. To have, etc. to the said William and his heirs for ever. And, because the said cottage with its appurtenances was not parted or divided among the said parties at this division or partition last made, therefore the said William hath paid and delivered the day of the sealing of these indentures tripartite to the said sir William 37s. 4d. of good and lawful English money, and the same day paid and delivered to the said Robert other 37s. 4d., which sums of money is (sic) after the rate of sixteen years' purchase, for that intent it may be in full recompense of all such part and portions as the said sir William and Robert had in the residue of the premises. To have, etc. to the said William in full recompense of such part and portion as he had in the residue of the lands and tenements aforesaid. And likewise the said sir William and William give and grant to the said Robert a tenement in Bredon late in the hold of John Lenton, and half the land and meadow which were divided by neighbours between the said sir William and the said Robert, and also a house in the hold of Agnes Lenton to long and pertain to John Lenton's house for lack of easement, and all the orchard crofts with a spange of meadow and certain hemp plecks, extended at 22s. rent, with the second part of the said close, that is to say the over close next adjoining to the Monks' Syche, between the oyle close and the Brande and the hedge that doth part the nether close, extended at lis. I lid., and half a chief in Tonge and Bredon of 3 s. To have, etc., to the said Robert in full recompense of such part and portion as he had in the residue of the lands and tenements aforesaid. And further such parties be agreed and every one of them covenanteth and granteth for them and their heirs to the other of them and his heirs that they and their heirs shall do, cause and suffer to be done such further surety for the continuance and making sure of this said partition as such of the said parties or his heirs or their counsel learned [sc. in the law] shall reasonably devise at the costs and charges of such of the said parties or of his heirs or assigns as shall make or require further surety to be made. And moreover it is covenanted and agreed between the said parties that all evidences, charters and muniments concerning the said lands and tenements in Bredon, Ander-chyrche, Tonge and Barowehyllis shall be divided and delivered to the party having the lands and tenements that



200 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
the same evidences, etc., only concern and of such
evidences, etc., as concern lands m all their parties it is
agreed that true copies be delivered to every party and
the evidences to be put into a coffer and there to be
locked with three divers locks, and every party to have a
key and the said coffer so locked to be set and remain in
the 'college of Newarke in Leicester for surety of every of
the said parties and their heirs and assigns. And it the
evidences, etc. concern lands in two parties copies, to be
delivered to the said two parties, and the evidences, etc. to
be put in such indifferent custody as please those two or
their heirs to appoint. In witness whereof to the foot of this
indenture tripartite remaining with the said sir William
Turvyle the said William and Robert have put to their seals,
and to the further head of this indenture remaining with the
said William the said sir William and Robert have put to
their seals, and to the later head of the same indenture
remaining with the said Robert the said sir William and
William have put to their seals the day and year above
written.
Signed : per me Willm Turvyle.
per me Robt Wylne
Two seals.
269 1532-3 [24 Hen. VIII.], 10 March. Leicester. Release
and quitclaim by William Turvyle, kt., and Robert Wylne,
gent., to William Wigston of Leicester, jun merchant ot
the staple of the town of Calais, of all their right in all those
lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Bredon,
now in the tenure of John Smyth, and also of a cottage in
Bredon, late in the tenure of John Hopkyn, now in that ot
John Tayler. Also in the third part of the close or pasture
called Barowhillis, divided into three parts. The which
premises sometime were of one Thomas Staunton, esq. an
which the grantors and the said William Wigston had in
common, as more fully appears in certain indentures trip icate
between the said William Turvyle of one part William
Wigston of the second, and Robert Willne of the third,
dated the last day of August, 23 Hen. VIII.1 Warranty.
Per me Willm Turvyle.
Two seals.
xNo. 268.
BURTON-ON-TRENT AND HORNINGLOW 201
270. Same date. Leicestre. Release and quitclaim by
William Turvyle, kt. and William Wigston of Leicester, jun.,
etc., to Robert Wylne, gent., of all their right in all those
lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Bredon,
late in the tenure of John Lenton and Agnes Lenton, and in
the moiety of 3s. yearly rent issuing out of certain lands
and tenements in 1 onge and Bredon, and in the second part
of a close or pasture divided into three parts, called Barowhillis.
The which, etc., as in the foregoing.
Per me Willm Turvyle : per me William Wygston,
Juniorem Leyc*
One seal.
271. 1544-5 [36 Hen. V7/7], 16 March. Acknowledgment
of receipt by William Wigston of Wolston, co. Warwick,
from Robert Patchett, William Gyllott and Walter Brown,
clerks, of the sum of £50, in full payment of £133 13s. 4d.
for the full bargain and sale of all his lands, etc., in the towns
and fields of Hatherne, Bredon and Barrowehills, in fee
simple.
Signed : per me Willm Wygston.
Seal impressed.
Endorsed : Master Wylliam Wygston of Wolston for the
purchas of Hathern with other.
VI. BURTON-ON-TRENT AND HORNINGLOW.
272. N.d. [1229-60]. Grant by Lawrence, abbot of
Burthon1, and the whole convent of the same place, to John
Gubert of Horninglowe, for his homage and service, of the
toft and croft which was of Reginald Tasserel in Withmere2,
and of eight acres of land to the said toft and croft appertaining,
and of fourteen acres of land and a half, with half
an acre of meadow, with their appurtenances. Also of two
acres in Copinhil, which remain to the abbot and convent
in exchange for two acres in Longefurlong of Horninglowe.
To hold and have to him and his heirs well, freely, entirely,
and honourably, with all liberties, free commons, and easements
appertaining to the aforesaid land, rendering therefor
yearly to the grantors and their successors two shillings of
^Lawrence de Sancto Edward, abbot from July, 1229, to shortly before
6 July, 1260 (Pat. Rolls 1225-1232, p. 258; Cal. Pat. Rolls 1258-1266, p. 80.)
2Wetmoor.
202 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
silver at two terms of the year, to wit, at the feast of St
Martin twelve pence, and at the feast of St John Baptist
twelve pence, for all services, customs, suits of court by the
year, and demands, save the foreign service of the said toft
and croft, and of the eight acres of land to the same appertaining,
and save the suit of the court of the grantors, which
the said John and his ancestors formerly were wont to do
to them for the land and tenement which he held of them.
And be it known that the said John has given to them, in
exchange for the aforesaid land, the whole land, to wit, and
the tenement, the toft and croft with their appurtenances,
which he formerly held of them in Wineshull1, without any
retention for himself and his heirs. The same John and his
heirs will warrant, defend and acquit the said tenement to
them and their successors against all men, without any secular
service appertaining to him and his heirs, for ever. And,
in order that this their gift, grant, and confirmation of the
charter may be ratified and stable, the grantors have thought
fit to set their seals to the present deed.
Witnesses : John of Withmere, John of Bursicot, Elias
of Stretton, William of Esseburn, then steward of Burthon,
John son of John of Stapenhull, William son of Ralph of the
same town, William of Tatenhull, William Knith of Bronteston2,
Richard of Stobenhal, Matthew of Stobenhal, and others.
Two seals. One has a figure, apparently of an abbot,
in eucharistic vestments, standing within an arched canopy
with trefoiled cusping. In the head of the arch is a trefoiled
niche, in which is a bust. The marginal legend has gone,
apart from the word SIGILLV . . and fragments of two
letters near the end. This is probably the seal used by
Lawrence of St. Edward, abbot 1229-1260.
The other and larger seal, of twelfth-century character,
has a tall seated figure, apparently of the B.V.M., the head
and feet being continued into the margin at top and bottom,
between two churches, ending in conical roofs. Above, on
either side, is another conical roof with windows below,
indicating a tower. The marginal legend has gone. This
is the common seal of the convent. The Virgin appears
to be holding the Child in her arms, but the surface
is greatly worn.
Endorsed in late medieval hand : de Hornynglow.
'Winshill. 2Branston.
BURTON-ON-TRENT AND HORNINGLOW 203
273. 1354, 24 September [ Wednesday after St Matthew,
28 Edw. IE] • Burton. Grant by John, son of John Gobert
of Horniglowe, to sir Henry, perpetual vicar of Merston1,
and to sir Robert Flyth of Burton, chaplain, of all his lands
and tenements in the county of Stafford, to wit, in Horniglowe,
Stretton, and Wyttemer, with meadows, etc. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John of Sparham of Wyttemer; John le
Parker of Rolleston; John of Oxn' of Burton; Geoffrey le
Broune, John Friche2, of Burton.
Seal gone.
Endorsed [\6th cent, hand] : de Hornynglow, Stretton,
& Wytmere.
274. 1362, 10 November [Thursday after St Leonard, 36
Edw. Ill] • London. Release and quitclaim, in her pure
widowhood and lawful power, by Margaret, who was the
wife of William of Naples, sometime citizen of London, to
Geoffrey Broun of Burton-upon-Trent, of all her right in all
the lands, tenements, and rents, which were of the said her
late husband, concerning her in any way by reason of her
dower.
Witnesses : Stephen Cauendissh, then mayor of the city
of London, James Andrew and John of St Albans, then
sheriffs, John of Cantebrigg, Thomas Brakenborugh, John
Lucas, William of Grenyngham.
Seal.
Endorsed [16th cent, hand] : de Birton.
275. 1362, 4 Dec. [Sunday after St Andrew, 36 Edw. III].
Hornyglowe. Indenture of grant and demise by Lettice,
who was the wife of John Goberd of Hornynglowe, in her
pure and full widowhood, to William Jolipas of Merston and
Ralph of Alsop, of all her lands, tenements, etc., in the fields
of Hornynglowe. To hold, etc., for the term of twelve years,
rendering to the grantor a yearly rent of I 7 shillings of silver
at Martinmas and St John Baptist. The lessees shall maintain
and repair buildings, etc., at their own expense,' and shall
pay rents and services due to the chief lords. Warranty.
'Marston-upon-Dove, co. Derby. Henry, son of Henry Marston, was
presented to the vicarage by the Crown in 1352-3, 5 Feb. (Cox, Chh. of
Derbyshire III., 202; Cat. Pat. Rolls 1350-1354, p. 397.) 2Or Frithe.
204 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses : John of Fynderne, steward of Burton, John
of Worthyngton, Geoffrey le Broune of Burton, Roger Saueny
of Hornynglowe, Henry del Bruerne, John of Sperham.
Endorsed [16th cent.] : Pro Willelmo Jolipas. [Later
hand: Carta de Hornynglow.]
276. Same date. Burton upon Trent. Letters of attorney
of the said Lettice, to deliver seisin of the premises to William
Jolipas, her father, and Ralph of Alsop. The premises are
here specified as the lands, etc., which were of John her
husband in the towns of Hornynglowe and Stretton.
Seal.
Endorsed : Littere, etc., attorn, per Letic. Goberd.
277. 1362, 1 I Dec. [Sunday after the Conception of B.M.,
36 Edw. Ill]. Burton. Indenture of grant and demise by
Lettice, who was the wife of John Goberd of Hornynglowe,
and is also the guardian of William, son and heir of the said
John, and her son, who on Monday after the feast of St
Matthew last past [22 Sept.] was five years old, in her pure
widowhood, to William Jolipas her father, of the said wardship.
To hold, etc., until the lawful age of her said son.
Grant also to the said William Jolipas of the marriage of her
said son, so that he may make his profit of the premises, as
may seem to be most becomingly and best expedient for
him and the said son, without doing waste or destruction to
the lands and tenements which should remain hereafter to
the said son at his lawful age.
Witnesses: John of Fynderne, steward of Burton;
Geoffrey le Broune, Henry del Bruerne, of Burton; John of
Sperham, John Bullok of Stretton.
Seal.
Endorsed : Pro Willelmo Jolipas.
278. 1365-6, 20 Jan. [Tuesday before the Conversion of
St Paul, 39 Edw. Ill]. Hornynglowe. Grant by Lettice, the
relict of John Gobard of Hornynglowe, to Geoffrey Broune of
Burton upon Trent, of all the messuages, lands, tenements,
etc., which she sometime held jointly with the said John in
the towns of Hornynglowe, Stretton, and Whyghtmere. To
hold of the chief lords, etc., without any retention, during
her whole life. Warranty.
BURTON-ON-TRENT AND HORN1NGLOW 205
Witnesses : John of Fynderne, steward of Burton, John
of Rolluston, John of Sperham of Whyghtmere, Adam le
Storyour of Brondeston, William Goldsmyt of Burton, Henry
del Bruwerne and William Plummere of the same.
Seal.
Endorsed (16th cent.): De Galffrido Brown de Burton.
279. 1382, 8 June [Sunday before St Barnabas the apostle,
5 Richard II] Hornyglowe. Release and quitclaim by
Geoffrey Broun of Burton upon Trent to William Gobard,
son and heir of the late John Gobard of Hornyglowe, of all
his light in all those lands, tenements, etc., which were sometime
of the said John his father, and which the said Geoffrey
had of the demise of Lettice, mother of the said William,
for the term of her life.
Endorsed [16th cent.] : Relesse de Geffro Browne de
Burton.
280. 1386, 19 May [Sf Dunstan, bishop and confessor, 9
Rich. II]. London. Grant [indented] by William Gobard
alias Burton, citizen and butcher of London, to sir John of
Lynton, rector of the church of St Vedast, London1, of all
and sundry the lands and tenements, etc., which the grantor
has in the towns and fields of Hornynglow, Stretton and
Whithemere. To hold of the chief lords, etc., on condition
that, if the said William pays, or causes to be paid to the
said sir John, on the first Sunday in Lent next to come, £15,
this charter shall thenceforth, with seisin had thereby, be
quashed and utterly annulled. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Brounesbury, John Jurdon, Elyas Broun.
Seal.
Endorsed : (I). Pro Joh. Lynton; (2, 16th cent, hand) De
Hornynglow Stretton & Wytmere.
281. 1396-7,21 Jan. [Sunday before St Vincent the martyr,
20 Rich. II] Hornynglowe. Grant by John of Rugeley the
elder, dwelling in Hornynglowe, to John Mulward of Kudesley2,
of an acre of meadow lying in the fields of Hornynglowe,
1John Lynton was rector of St. Vedast's between 1367 and 1391. See
Hennessy, Novum Repertorium 433 and note j 300. 2I cannot identify
this place.
206 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
the which acre, called le Hauedacre, the grantor had of the
gift and feoffment of Stephen Smyth of Burton. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas Toty of Rolleston, Ralph Byschop
of Hambury1, Roger Saueney and John Saueney of Hornynglowe,
Thomas Ryder of Stretton, clerk.
Seal.
Endorsed : Acra praty de Ornyglowe.
282. 1398 [22 Rich. II], 3 July. Hornynglowe. Grant by
William Gobard, son and heir of John Gobard of Hornynglowe,
to John Cokayn the elder, William Prudhome, and
John Duffeld, chaplain, of all his lands and tenements which
descended to the grantor by right of inheritance after the
death of his said father in Hornynglowe, Stretton and
Withmere. 1 o hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Peter Gybon, Henry Jolipas, clerk, John
Peyntour, John Clerc, now steward of the abbot of Burton.
Burton.
Seal.
Endorsed [16th cent.] : De Hornynglow Stretton &
Wytmere.
283. Same date. Letters of the same, appointing Peter
Gybon his attorney to deliver seisin of the premises.
Seal: simple queue.
Endorsed as last.
284. 1408, 4 June [Monday in Whitsun week, 9 Hen. IVJ.
Burton upon Trente. Grant by Richard Stanhop of Hougthton,
co. Nottingham2, kt., to Adam Balle and John Burlaston
of Burton upon Trent, chaplains, of a piece of meadow in
Burton called Birscothyrste, lying between the meadow of the
tenants of Hornynglowe and the grantor's meadow, which
his tenants of Birscote hold of him, on S., and the meadow
of the tenants of Hornynglowe on W., and the conygree of
the abbot of Burton on N. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
'Hanbury, Staffs. 2Hawton, near Newark.
BURTON-ON-TRENT AND HORNINGLOW 207
Witnesses : Thomas of Gresley, kt., Richard Goumfrey,
rector of the church of Tatenhill, John of Detheke, Henry
Bothe.
Good armorial seal.
Endorsed [16th cent.] : De Byrscotherst.
285. 1408, 5 June [Tuesday in Whitsun Week, 9 Hen. IV]
Burton upon Trent. Letters of Richard Stanhop, as above,
appointing Henry Bothe and Peter Gybon of Burton his
attorneys to deliver seisin of the premises (called Bryscothyrste)
to Adam Balle and John Burlaston.
Seal as above (broken). Simple queue.
286. 1408 [9 Hen. IV], 8 June. Notyngham. Bond by
Richard Stanhop of Hoghton, co. Notyngham, to Adam Ball
and John Burlaston, chaplains, of Burton-on-Trent, in 100
marks, payable at Notyngham at Christmas next.
Two seals : simple queues.
287. 1414-5, 9 Feb. [Saturday after the Purification of
B.V.M., 2 Hen. V]. Stretton. Release and quitclaim by
John of Bedenale, son and heir of John of Bedenale of
Lychefeld, to John of Fyndern, lord of Stretton in le Felde1,
cos. Derby and Leycester, of all his right in the manor of
Stretton, together with the advowson of the church of the
same, and in all other lands, tenements, etc. in the towns of
Stretton, Okethorp, Durandesthorp, Wyllesley, Goppeshill,
Twycrosse, Appulby, Childecote, Amynton, Eddenynghale
and Stonton, cos. Derby, Leicester, Warwick, Northampton
and Stafford2. Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas of Gresley, Thomas Mawreward,
kts., Aluered Lathebury, Richard Venion of Horlaston,
Thomas Astley of Appulby, John son and heir of Thomas of
Mi miles S.W. of Ashby-de-la-Zouch. John, son of John Fyndern,
acquired the manor and advowson of Stretton in 1412 (Cox, Chh. of Derbyshire
111., 485-6). 2"Stonton" is uncertain. Stretton-en-le-Field, Oakthorpe,
Donisthorpe, Willesley, Gopsall, Twycross, Appleby and Chilcote are now
all in Leicestershire; Amington is in Warwickshire, and Edingale in
Staffordshire. Although Northamptonshire is mentioned, none of these
places are in it.
208 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Appulby, Thomas Aylemond, rector of the church of
Stretton1, William Marschall, Henry Holand.
Seal.
288. 1456-7, 5 Jan. [Wednesday, the vigil of the Epiphany,
35 Hen. VI]. Chapter house of the abbey of Burton. Grant
by William the abbot of the monastery of Burton upon Trent2,
and the convent of the same place, to William Prudhom of
the same, of all the lands, meadows and tenements which
the same William Prudhom holds of them in chief in the
town, fields and meadows of Hornynglowe, Stretton and
Wightmer, the which John Gobert sometime had and held of
the gift and grant of dan Robert3, dan Lawrence'1, and the
other abbots of the same monastery, to wit, four bovates of
land in the fields aforesaid, and two acres of meadow in
little Sidhalogh, for the yearly rent of 4s. 6d. Also the toft
and croft which was of Roger Cusserell5, with eight acres
of land appertaining to the same in Horninglowe; and 14^
acres of land and half an acre of meadow of demesne
(dominicis), for the yearly rent of 2 s . Also a nook (noca)
of land in le lytull Stubbes, and six acres of meadow in the
meadows of the said town for the yearly rent of sevenpence.
Also a haugh of meadow in the said little Sidhaloh, for the
yearly rent of sixpence. To hold, etc., rendering to the said
abbot and convent and their successors the rent aforesaid at
two terms in the year, to wit, 3s. 6d. at the Nativity of St
John Baptist, and 3s. 6d. at St Martin in the winter.
Seal of the abbot and convent (top broken). In chief,
triple niche, with B.V.M. seated, holding the Child, in the
middle, between standing figures of an abbess, right, and an
abbot, left, each holding crosier and book. At foot, in roundheaded
compartment, the abbot and convent kneeling,
between two shields, viz. right, a cross flory between four
birds; left, a cross engrailed, apparently charged with five
'Thomas Aylemond was instituted in 1392, at the presentation of Adomar
de Lichfield, lord of Stretton. He appears to have resigned shortly after,
but was instituted a second time in 1400, at the presentation of John
Audeby and others, the trustees of Margaret, relict of Adomar de Lichfield.
He died in 1424 (Cox, Chh. of Derbyshire III., 487). 2William Bronston,
elected abbot March, 1454-5, died before 15 March, 1472-3 (Cal. Pat. Rolls
1452-1461, p. 229; 1467-1477, P. 395). 3Abbot before 1222. "See No. 272.
5Apparently Casserell in other copy; but in No. 272 the name is Reginald
Tasserel, which has been wrongly copied in this later deed.
BURTON-ON-TRENT AND HORNINGLOW 209
scallops (?)• In margin, Gothic letters: [Sigillu]m commune
monasterii de burton super Tren[t].
Endorsed (16th cent.): De Burton, Hornynglowe, Stretton
et Wytmer.
288A. Another copy of the same. Seal much broken.
Endorsed : De Hornynglow Stretton et Wytmer.
289. 1509-10 [/ Hen. VIII), 13 March. Indenture (English)
of lease by Edward Prudholme of Burton upon Trent, gentillman,
to George Lathburye of Burton, yoman, of a piece of
meadow called Briscote hurst within the meadows of Burton,
containing 32 acres1, for 49 years from the Annunciation of
our Lady next following; at a yearly rent of 43s. 4d. payable
at Michaelmas. The said George, during the said term, shall
set and let the meadow to his most advantage.
Seal (broken).
290. 1513 [5 Hen. VIII], 20 May. Indenture [English] of
lease to William Beyne", abbot of the monastery of our Lady
St Marye and St Moduenne of Burton upon Trent, by Edward
Purdon', gentilman, of all his meadow called Brusingcote
hurste within the lordship of Burton, for sixty years from the
feast of the Nativity of St John Baptist next, for the yearly
rent of 3s. 4d., to be paid at Michaelmas and Lady day by
even portions. Right of distraint for arrears after any of the
said terms.
Seal gone.
291. Same date. Grant and confirmation by Edward
Purdon, gentilman, to George lord Hastynges, William
Greysley, Antony Fytzherbert, esqq., John Stanley, John
Fydcok and John Fysshewik, of his meadow called Brusingcote
hurste, lying within the lordship of Burton upon Trent.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Power of
attorney to John Chambre and Roger Marler to deliver seisin.
Witnesses: Hugh Wiche, bailiff of Burton; Thomas
Haster, Richard Malton, constables of the same town,
Thomas Walker, George Lathbury.
Signed : Edward Prudhome.
Seal.
284—286. 2William Beyne or Bene, elected abbot June, 1502
iCai Pat. Rolls 1494-1509, p. 264), died by 6 Feb., 1530-1 (L. & P. H. VIII.,
55). 3l.e., Prudehome.
210 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Endorsed: (1) Burton super Trent. (2) Thes ben the
names of them that were present at the deliuere of possession
to John Stanley in the name of his cofeoffez within named.
Thomas Myddelton, Hugh Wych, bailif of Burton, John
Agard, William Knesall, William Bradburne, Thomas Haster,
Richard Malton, Edmunde Kyrkham and othr'.
292. 1513 [5 Hen. VIII], 24 May. Bond by Edward
Purdon, gentilman, to William Beyne, abbot of the monastery
of St Mary and St Modwen the virgins of Burton-on-Trent,
in 100 marks.
Obligation : the said Edward, for the sum of £39 paid
by the said abbot, shall suffer the said abbot to occupy all
his meadow called Brusingcote hurste, lying within the Nethir
Conyngre, within the lordship of Burton, for the term of 61
years, without any claim, suit or disturbance of the said
Edward or Margaret his wife, for any jointure or dower hereafter
therein by her to be claimed, or of the heirs of the
said Edward, etc.
Fragment of seal: simple queue.
293. 1513 [5 Hen. VIII], 1 June. Release and quitclaim
by Edward Purdon to George lord Hastynges and the other
feoffees named, of all his right in a meadow called Brusingcote
hurste and in every parcel thereof. Warranty.
Signed : Edward Prudhome.
Seal.
294. 1515 [7 Hen. VIII], 9 May. Grant and confirmation
by Edward Prudehome, gentilman, to sir Thomas Leeche,
chaplain, of a messuage in Hornynglowe, and of all his lands,
tenements, etc., in the same. To hold of the chief lord, etc.
Warranty. Power of attorney to Bartholomew Richardeson
and Robert Henson to deliver seisin.
Witnesses: Hugh Wyche, bailiff of Burton, Richard
Walker, sir Richard Pleasaunce, William Richardson, Roger
Marler.
Signed : Edward Prudhome.
Seal.
Endorsed : Hornynglowe.
BURTON-ON-TRENT AND HORNINGLOW 211
295. 1515 [7 Hen. VII], 2 June. Release and quitclaim
by Edward Purdon, gent, to Thomas Leeche, chaplain, of
his right in the premises in Hornynglow, co. Stafford.
Signed : Edward Prudhome.
Seal (broken).
296. 1521 [ 1 3 H e n . V I I I ] , 4 November. Indenture
[English] of bargain and sale by Edward Prudhom, gentylman,
of Loghborowe, co. Leycestre, to William Wigston the
younger of Leycestre, merchant of the staple at Calis, of a
messe place in Hornynglowe in the parish of Burton upon
Trent, co. Stafford, with all the lands, tenements, etc.,
belonging to the same, lying in the town and fields of
Hornynglowe, Stretton, and Wyghtmer, to the yearly value
of five nobles by year above charges. Also of a meadow
called Brysyngcote hurste, lying within the lordship of Burton
upon Trent. Estate to be made before Christmas or at any
time after the said feast as shall be devised. The said
William shall pay £85, of the which the said Edward acknowledges
himself to be well and truly contented at the sealing
of these indentures, and the said William, his heirs and
executors, to be discharged for ever of the same.
per me Edwardum Prudhome.
Seal.
297. 1521 [13 Hen. VIII], 20 Nov. Grant and confirmation
by Thomas Leeche, chaplain, to William Wigston the
younger of Leycestre, merchant of the staple of the town
of Calais, master Thomas Wygston, clerk, William Gillot and
Edward Fissher, chaplains, of a messuage or tenement, with
all lands, meadows, etc., and all his hereditaments whatsoever,
situate in Hornynglow, co. Stafford, the which premises
he lately had of the gift, grant and feoffment of Edward
Purdon, gent., as by charter1. To hold of the chief lords,
etc., to the use of the said William Wigston and the performance
of his last will. Warranty. Power of attorney to
Thomas Middelton, gent., to deliver seisin.
Signed : Thomas Leche prest.
Seal.
'See Nos. 294, 295.
212 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Endorsed : Thes were present when Thomas Middelton
delyuerd possession and seyson to sir Edward Fysher and in
the name of his cofeoffes. John Saunder of Burton upon
vpon (sic) Trent draper, William Morley of the same seruant
to the abbott of Burton aforseid, Thomas Dawkens of Leic',
Bartholomew Richardson of Hornynglow, William Harryson,
Thomas Clerk, John Clerk, John Clerk the younger, Richard
Whildon, Thomas Cothell, William Hagoodday and other
the day and yere within writen at which day the abof named
Thomas Clerk beyng tenaunt atturned by a jd. yevyn to the
said Eduerd Fysher to the use of the within named William
Wigston merchaunt.
298. Same date. Delivery, grant and confirmation by
George lord Hastynges, Anthony Fytzherbert, king's serjeant
at law, John Stanley, John Fydcok, and John Fysshewyk, to
William Wygston the younger of Leycestre, merchant, etc.,
master Thomas Wigston, clerk, William Gillott, and Edward
Fisher, chaplain, of their meadow called Brusingcote hurste,
lying within the lordship of Burton upon Trent, which they,
together with William Greysley, kt., deceased, lately had of
the gift, grant and feoffment of Edward Purdon, gent., as by
charter1. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the use of the
said William Wigston and the performing of his last will.
Power of attorney to Thomas Myddelton, gent., to deliver
seisin.
Five seals, with signatures above : G. Hastynge, Antony
Ff, John Stanley, John Fydcock, John Fishwyke.
Endorsed : Thes were present when Thomas Middelton
delyuerd possession and season to sir Edward Fisher and his
cofeffes according to this dede. Hugh Wiche then Bayley of
Burton, Edmunde Kirkam vnder Beyly John Saunder of
Burton forsey (sic) draper, John Chaterton, Thomas Clerke
jun., and John Pykfork of the same, John Clerk of Hornynglow
and other the day and yere is in writen.
Brysyngcote Hurst.
299. 1521 [13 Hen. VIII], I December. Release and
quit-claim by Thomas Leeche, chaplain, to William Wygston
the younger of Leycester, merchant, etc., master Thomas
'See Nos. 291, 293.
BURTON-ON-TRENT AND HORNINGLOW 213
Wigston, clerk, William Gillott, and Edward Fyssher,
chaplain, of all his right in the premises [as in No. 297].
Signed : Thomas Leche prest.
Seal.
300. 1521-2, 3 February [Morrow of the Purification, 13
Hen. VIII]. Final concord in the king's court at Westminster,
before Robert Brudenell, Richard Elyot, Lewis Pollard and
Richard Broke, justices, between William Wygston, Thomas
Wygston, clerk, William Gyllot, clerk, and Edward Fyssher,
querents, and Edward Prudhom, gentilman, and Margaret
his wife, deforciants, concerning a messuage, 80 acres of land,
40 acres of meadow, 20 acres of pasture, and 6 acres of wood
in Hornynglowe, Burton upon Trent, Stretton, Whitner, and
Brysyngcote Hurst, whereof a plea of covenant, etc. The
said Edward and Margaret have recognised, etc., and have
remitted and quitclaimed, etc., as regards themselves and
the heirs of the said Margaret, and have granted warranty.
And for this recognisance, etc., the same William, Thomas,
William, and Edward Fissher have given to the said Edward
Prudhom and Margaret 100 marks silver.
Endorsed : Staff. Inter Willelmum Wygston et alios.
300A. Counterpart of above.
Endorsed: Deliberatur per proclamacionem secundum
formam Statuti.
301. 1522 [14 Hen. VIII], 30 September. Grant and confirmation
by William Wigston the younger of Leycester,
merchant, etc., to master Thomas Wigston, clerk, Roger
Wigston, master William Gillott, clerk, Richard Reynold,
Robert Harwar, John Westes, Edward Beyr, Roger Gillott,
Ranulph Woyd, Nicholas Reynold, Thomas Hynd, and
Robert Dauye, of all the messuages, lands, tenements, etc.,
which he has or any other person or persons have to his use
in the lordship of Burton upon Trent and in the town and
fields of Hornyngloo, co. Stafford. To hold of the chief lords,
etc., to them, their heirs and assigns, for ever, to, the need
and use of sir William Fyshar, clerk, master or warden of the
hospital of the said William Wigston in Leycester, sir Richard
Walche his confrater, and the poor of the same hospital and
successors, for the term of sixty years, with reversion to the
214 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
need and use of the said William Wigston and his assigns,
for the performance and execution of his last will and free
disposition. Warranty.
Seal.
Endorsed : Burton super Trent.
Theys were present when sir Edward Fyshare preyst and
Thomas Dawkyns delyverd seisun and possession to Roger
Gillott and the feoffors for vse of sir William Fyshare and sir
Richard Walche and the bedmen of the hospitall of William
Wygston the zonger of Leycester. John Holowey of Burton
vpon Trent, John Gudcole of the same, Thomas Peytt,
Thomas Geyn, Richard Foxloo of the same, Harry Awsopp
of Leycester and other moo.
301A. Same date. Letters of William Wigston the younger,
appointing sir Edward Fyshar, clerk, and Thomas Dawkyns
his attorneys to deliver seisin of a meadow called Bryssyngcote
hurst, lying within the lordship of Burton upon Trent, and of
a messuage with all lands, meadows, etc., in the town and
fields of Hornyngloo, to Thomas Wigston, clerk, and the
other feoffees above named [as in No. 30].
Seal gone : simple queue.
302. Same date. Leicestre. Grant and confirmation by
William Wygston of Leicester the younger, merchant, etc., to
Thomas Wigston, clerk, Roger Wigston, esq., William
Gyllot, clerk, Richard Reynolde, Robert Harwar, Edward
Beyre, John Westes, Roger Gyllot, Nicholas Reynolde,
Randulph Wood, Robert Davye, Thomas Hynde, and
Thomas Clerke, of all his lands, tenements, etc., in the town
and fields of Hornyngloo, and also of his meadow called
Brvsingcote hurst, lying and being within the lordship of
Burton upon Trent, which of late he purchased of the gift and
feoffment of one Edward Prudehome alias Purdon, gent. To
hold of the chief lords, etc., to the use of the said William
Wigston and to the fulfilment therefrom of his last will.
Warranty. Power of attorney to Richard Fynys and Thomas
Dawkyns to deliver seisin.
per me William Wygston jun' leycestrie manu propria.
Seal.
Endorsed: ( I ) V s e . H o r n i n g l o e t B r a s i n g c o t h u r s t .
(2) Horningslow.
DENTON 215
303. 1523 [15 Hen. VIII], 3\ July. Leicester. Release and
quit-claim by Thomas Wigston, clerk, and William Gillott,
clerk, to Roger Wigston, esq., Richard Reynold, Robert
Harwar, Thomas Newton, Roger Gyllot, Ralph Wood, John
Westas, Edward Beyre, Nicholas Reynold and Thomas
Hynde, of their right in a meadow called Bryssingcote hurst,
lying within the lordship of Burton upon Trent, which they,
together with William Wigston the younger of Leicester, had
of the gift and feoffment of George Hastynges, lord of
Hastynges, Anthony Fytzharbard, John Stanley, John
Fydcoke, and John Fyshwycke; and also of a messuage with
all lands, meadows, etc., situate and lying in the town and
fields of Hornyngloo, which they lately had, together with
the said William Wigston, of the gift and feoffment of
Thomas Leche, chaplain.
Two seals.
VII. DENTON
304. N.d. Grant and confirmation by John, son of Gilbert
Mome of Denton, to Geoffrey, son of Walter Mome of
Denton, of four selions of arable land in the north field of
Denton, to wit, a headland called the headland of Thalysakyr,
and three selions upon Breydale, between the said headland
and the land sometime [of] Yves of Garsyl of Denton, and
abutting upon the headland of Breydale eastward, and upon
the land of Nicholas of Lundyrthorp1 and that of Ralph, son of
Thomas of Denton, westward. To hold of the said John and
his heirs to the said Geoffrey, his heirs or his certain assigns,
or to whomsoever or whensoever he will give or assign, or in
his last days bequeath the premises, freely, quit, well and in
peace and heritage, rendering therefor yearly to the said John
and his heirs a farthing at the feast of St John Baptist for all
secular services, customs, suits of court, and all demands
which may be demanded from the said land. Warranty.
Witnesses: William son of Alan of Denton, Walter
Mome of Denton, Alan of Hundegate, Simon of Hundegate,
Simon of the Temple, Robert the clerk.
Seal gone.
'Londonthorpe.
216 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
305. 1324-5, 18 February [Monday before S t Peter's Chair,
18 Edw. II.] Denton. Grant and confirmation by Agnes, relict
of John Alger in Denton, to Robert, son of Geoffrey of the
same, and Letice his wife, and the heirs of their bodies lawfully
procreate, of a toft called Blaberthoft in Garthes, with
eight selions in the fields of Denton; whereof one selion lies
upon Tyacre next the land of John of Melton, and two lie
together in the Redherde next the land of Richard at the
Well, and one lies at le Milnedur, next the land of Robert
the reeve, and one lies at le Dedemor next the land of Thomas
of Barkeston, and a headland lies at Chelesacre with two
selions adjoining; and of an acre of meadow, whereof half
lies at Springwellsik and the other part in the same furlong
next the land of the abbot and convent of Croxton. To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Reversion to the heirs of
the said Robert.
Witnesses : William son of Alan, Adam Frankeleyne, of
Denton; Alan le Couper, William of Holme.
Seal.
306. 1328, 26 March [Sat. after Annunciation, 2 Edw. III.]
Denton. Grant and confirmation by Robert, son of Geoffrey
of Denton, to Thomas, son of Simon of Strouston1, of a selion
of arable land in the south field of Denton, lying upon Longlond
next the land of John of Melton on W., and half an acre
of meadow in the north field of the same, lying in Mikkeldale
next the meadow of the abbot and convent of Croxton. To
hold of the chief lords, etc., for a sum of money which the
said Thomas has given in hand. Warranty.
Witnesses : William son of Alan of Denton, William of
Rollegarth, Alan Fraunkelayn, Roger in the Garthes, John
of ... , Robert of Holm of the same, Thomas the clerk.
Seal.
307. 1328-9, 2 February [Purification o f B.M., 3 Edw. III.]
Grantham. Demise, grant and delivery for a term by Robert,
son of Geoffrey of Denton, to Thomas, son of Simon of
Stroxton, of two selions with a headland on the N., lying
together in the north field of Denton upon le Breydall, next
the land of Roger Herman on N. To hold to the said Thomas,
'Stroxton.
DENTON 217
his heirs and assigns, of the said Robert and his heirs, from
the feast of the Purification, 3 Edw. Ill, for the term of sixty
years, for 40s. paid in hand. The said Robert binds himself,
in case of any breach of agreement on the part of him, his
heirs and executors, to pay 40s. to the said Thomas, his heirs
and executors, at his place aforesaid, and 20s. to the lord of
Grantham by name of amercement. Warranty.
Witnesses : William son of Alan, John of Melton, Robert
Herman, William of Holm, Walter of Rollegarth, all of
Denton; William the clerk.
Seal gone.
308. 1352, 30 December [Sunday after Christmas, 26 Edw.
III.] Herlaston. Grant and confirmation by Walter Gygur of
Herlaston1 to John Barbur of Denton, of a selion of arable
land in the fields of Herlaston, lying in le Westinham between
the land of John of Barston and that of William Dawe. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Morys, John Barston, John Nicol,
William Dawe, William Dale, of Herlaston.
Seal.
309. 1355, 23 May [Saturday after S t Dunstan the bishop,
29 Edw. III.] Denton. Grant and confirmation by Philip
Franckeleyn of Denton to Geoffrey, son of Geoffrey Couper
of the same, of a selion of arable land in the north field of
Denton, lying, to wit, upon Brydell between the land of John
of Melton and that of Ralph, son of Geoffrey Couper, and
abutting westward upon Langwellgate, and eastward upon
Breydelhedland. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Simon son of Walter, John son of William,
John Couper, John Attewell, John son of Geoffrey Couper, of
Denton.
Seal gone.
310. 1357, 30 April [Sunday after St Mark, 31 Edw. III.]
Denton. Grant and confirmation by Philip Franckeleyne of
Denton to Geoffrey, son of Geoffrey Couper of the same, of
a selion of arable land in the north field of Denton, to wit,
upon Breydale, next the land of John of Melton on one side,
'Harlaxton
218 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
and that of Richard, son of Geoffrey Couper, upon the other,
and abutting eastward upon Breydale hedlande, and westward
upon Langwelgate1. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: John Attewelle, Richard Greyne, John
Herman, Richard son of Geoffrey, John son of William, of
Denton.
Seal gone.
311. 1361, 6 May [St John Port Latin, 45 Edu). III.]
Denton. Grant and confirmation by Elen Julian of Denton
to Geoffrey Couper of Denton of four selions of arable land,
viz. one upon Breydel in the north field of Denton, next the
land of William son of John on N. and that of the said Elen
on S., another under Thorpgate, next the land of William of
Casthorp and abutting upon Thorpegate westward, another
at Erthehowes, next the land of Roger Westone on N., and
another in le Hay, next the land of the said Elen and abutting
upon Kocdelsty southward and upon Thyrmondale northward.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William son of John, John Frauncleyn, John
son of Agnes, John son of Geoffrey, of Denton.
Seal gone.
312. 1402, 26 May [Thursday after Corpus Christi, 5 Hen.
IV.] Denton. Grant and confirmation by John Page of
Herlaston to John Crane of Denton, of five selions of arable
land in the field of Denton, viz. two upon Brodeleykes in the
north field, with the grass headlands (cum capitibus herbosis),
next the land of the abbot and convent of Croxton
on N., and abutting upon the way which leads to Casthorpp3
eastwards; two in the same furlong, with the grass headlands,
next the land sometime of John in le Garthes on N., and
abutting upon Holbekes eastward; and the fifth at Stokwell,
next the land of John Denton on S. and that of Geoffrey
Couper on N. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert Martyn, Simon atte Persons, Richard
Herman, John Coke, John Wymeswolde, of Denton.
Seal gone.
'Apparently a grant of the land already mentioned in No. 309. 2Casthorpe
in the parish of Barrowby.
DENTON 219
313. 1414, 26 Dec. [St Stephen, 2 Hen. V.] Denton.
Grant and confirmation by Richard Herman and John Roper
of Denton to John Crane of Denton, of a house in Denton in a
street called Apethorp, next the king's way on E. and the
messuage of Ralph of Reresby on W., with gardens,
curtilages, etc., and of three selions of arable land in the fields
of Denton, viz. one upon Breydell, between the land of
John Casthorp on N. and that of Richard Wymeswolde on S.,
another at le Waterfores, between the land of the said Richard
and that of Robert Milner on E., and the third upon le Hill,
between the land of John Garthes on E. and that of John
Couper on W. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert Martyn, Richard Wymeswolde,
Robert Greyve, John atte Well, Thomas son of Richard, John
son of Geoffrey Couper.
Two seals.
314. 1424, 18 Sept. [Monday after Holy Cross, 3 Hen. VI. \
Denton. Grant of Nicholas, son of John Mayson of Redmyld,
chaplain, to John, son of Geoffrey Couper of Denton, of all
the lands and tenements, which he lately had, together with
Thomas Page of Herlaston, deceased, of the gift and feoffment
of the said John, in the town and territory of Denton.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William Rolgarth, Robert Milner, Thomas
son of Richard, William Braunston, Richard Glouer.
Seal.
315. 1433 [// Hen. VI], 6 June. Denton. Grant by
William Bocher of Denton to sir Richard of Weston, rector
of the church of Denton, John son of Geoffrey of Denton,
and Thomas son of John Couper of Denton, of all those lands
and tenements which he late had of the gift and feoffment
of the said John in the town and territory of Denton. To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Robert Marton, Richard Glouer, Thomas
Diconson, of Denton.
Broken seal.
Endorsed : Carta Nicholai Cowper de Harlaxston.

220 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
316. 1438-9, 12 March [St Gregory the pope, 17 Hen. VI.]
Denton. Grant and confirmation by William Suthfolk of
Denton to John Sutton of the same, of a cottage with the
curtilage adjoining in Denton, lying between the land of Ralph
Shyrley, kt., on one side, and that of William Burton on the
other, the which the said William lately had of the gift and
feoffment of John Gryse of Denton, together with Henry
Moke, late rector of the church of Cotesbeche1, deceased.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Orped, William Orped, John Maynard,
John Wylkyns, John Stone, of Denton.
Fragment of seal.
Endorsed (late hand) : Feoff. Willelmi Southfolk Johanni
Sutton de cottagio in Denton.
317. 1458, 27 July [Thursday after St Anne, 36 Hen. VI.]
Harlaxston. Grant and confirmation by Robert Swyfte of
Harlaxston to Richard Godryk of Grantham and Nicholas
Cowper of Denton, of all his lands, tenements, etc., in the
town and fields of Harlaxston. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Thomas Bluett, John Repyngale, Richard
Wyvell, John Burley, Richard Walsche.
Seal (broken).
318. 1459-60, 24 February [St Matthias, 38 Hen. VI.\
Harlaxston. Grant and confirmation, in her pure widowhood,
by Emma, late the wife of John Bekett, and sometime the
wife of John Crane of Denton, to Nicholas Cowper of Denton
and Alice his wife, of a selion of arable land lying in the west
field of Harlaxston in the place called Westinnam, between
the land of William Goodryk, chaplain, on S., and that of
John Repyngale on N., and abutting upon the common sewer
between the fields of Harlaxston and Denton westward, and
upon the headland sometime of Robert Fenne eastward. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Repyngale, Simon Welby, Richard
Wywell, John Wessell, John at Welle, William Grene, Richard
Wellynggowr, of Harlaxston.
Seal.
'Cotesbach, near Lutterworth.
DENTON 221
319. 1469 [5 Edu). IV], 9 June. Denton. Grant and
confirmation by Thomas Cowper, vicar of the parish church
of Mounskyrkeby1, co. Warwick, to Nicholas Cowper of
Harlaxton his brother, William Welles, parish chaplain of
Mounskyrkeby, William Haddon, warden of the college of
Babelak in Couentre", and John Mulkastur, bailiff of Munskyrkeby,
of all the lands and tenements which the said
Thomas, together with Richard Weston, late of Denton,
clerk, and John son of Geoffrey of the same, deceased, had
sometime of the gift and feoffment of William Bocher of
Denton, in the town and territory of the same3. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Robert Walker, John Rollegarthe, Walter
Wellyngowr, Richard Wellyngowr, Richard Willowghby, of
Denton.
Seal.
320. 1491 [6 Hen. VII], 10 May. Delivery, demise and
confirmation by William Welles, late parish chaplain of
Mounskyrkeby, co. Warwick, and John Mulkastur, bailiff of
Mounskyrkeby, to John Cowper, Richard Cowper and Robert
Cowper, chaplains, sons of Nicholas Cowper, late of Harlaxston,
deceased, of all the lands and tenements in the town
and territory of Denton, which the said William and John
Mulkastur, together with the said Nicholas and William
Haddon, late warden of the college of Babelak (sic) in
Couentre, lately had of the gift and feoffment of Thomas
Cowper, perpetual vicar of the parish church of Mounskyrkeby,
as by charter appears. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Power of attorney to John Elstowe of Muston, co. Leicester,
husbondman, to deliver seisin.
One seal gone.
321. 1504-5 [20 Hen. VII], I February. Indenture of
bargain and sale by Rauf Knok of London, taylour, and Alys
his wife, daughter and heir of Thomas Cowper, late of
Harlaxston, deceased, to Robert Wylkynson of Harlaxston,
yoman, of a mese, 60 acres of land, 20 acres of meadow,
20 acres of pasture and 10 acres of wood in Denton, for ever.
'Monks Kirby. 2The college of St John Baptist in Bablake, the west
suburb of Coventry. 3See No. 315.
222 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Estate to be made before Easter next. The said Robert has
paid £10.
Two seals.
322. 1504-3 [20 Hen. VII], 12 February. Westminster.
Recovery by Robert Wylkynson, Richard Wylkynson and
George Carre of the premises from Ralphe Knok and Alice
his wife, by writ of entry upon disseisin in le post, before
Thomas Frowyk, kt., and his fellows, the king's justices of
the Bench. Tested by T. Frowyk. [Muscote]
Royal seal.
323. 1504-5 [20 Hen. VII], 20 February. Letters of Ralph
Knok, citizen and cutter of London, and Alice his wife,
daughter and heir of Thomas Cowper of Harlaxston,
deceased, constituting Thomas Day and Thomas Welby
their attorneys to deliver seisin of the premises to Robert
Wylkynson.
Two seals.
324. 1505 [20 Hen. V I I . ] , 10 May. Quitclaim by Ralph
Knok and Alice his wife to Robert Wylkynson, yoman, of
their right in those messuage, curtilage, garden and croft of
land in Denton, between the land of William Rolgarth on E.
and the common way towards the E., and the king s way on
S., and le Comon Sewer on N„ which were late of the said
Ralph and Alice, and sometime of Thomas Cowper, the
father of Alice, and aforetime of Nicholas Cowper, the father
of the said Thomas, which the said Robert recovered by writ
of entry before the king's justices of the Bench. Warranty.
Two seals.
325. 1515-6 [7 Hen. VIII], 16 February. Quit-claim by
John Cowper, Richard Cowper and Robert Cowper, chaplains,
sons of Nicholas Cowper, late of Harlaxston, deceased,
to George Carre of Sleford, gentilman, and Richard Wylkynson
of Harlaxston, yoman, to the need and use of the said
Richard Wylkynson, of all their right in all lands and
tenements which the said grantors had of the gift, grant and
DENTON 223
charter of William Welles, chaplain, and John Mulcastur,
in the town and territory of Denton1. Warranty.
Three seals.
326. 1524 [16 Hen. VIII], | July. London. Grant and
confirmation by Joan Elston, widow, late the wife of John
Elston and daughter of Nicholas Cowper, late of Denton, in
her pure widowhood, to William Wygston the younger of
Leycestre, merchant of the staple of Calais, and to Thomas
Wigston and William Fyssher, clerks, of all her lands,
tenements, etc. in the town and fields of Harlaxston or
elsewhere within the parish of Harlaxston. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. ^Varranty. Power of attorney to Robert
Clerk of Croxston to deliver seisin.
Three seals : on tags; per me Johannem Cowper; per me
Jane Elston; per me Ricd. Cooper.
Endorsed : Hij testes pro deliberacione seisine infrascripte
carte: Willelmus Brighows clericus, Thomas Welby,
Willelmus Whytt, Ricardus Lyell, cum multis aliis.
327. Same date. Indentures of bargain and sale by Johane
Elston, widow, late the wife of John Elston and daughter
unto Nicholas Cowper of Denton, deceased, to William
Wygston of Leycitur, the younger, merchant of the staple at
Calais, of all such meses, lands and tenements, etc., lying
and being in the town and fields of Harlaxston or elsewhere
within the parish of Harlaxston that late were the said
Nicholas Cowper's, and by him given unto the said Johane
and her heirs at the time of her marriage. Estate to be made
when required. The said William has paid £15 sterling in
full payment.
per me Jane Elston.
Seal.
328. 1524 [16 Hen. VIII], 2 October. Release and quitclaim
by John Cowper and Richard Cowper of London,
clerks, sons of Nicholas Cowper, late of Denton, deceased,
to William Wigston the younger of Leycester, mercant of
the staple of Calais, Thomas Wigston and William Fyshar,
clerks, of all their right in all the lands, tenements, etc. in
'See No. 320.
224 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
the town and fields of Harlaston, which were late of the
said Nicholas.
One seal gone : simple queue.
329. 1529 [21 Hen. VIII], 20 October. Leicestre. Grant
and confirmation by Richard Wilkenson, son and heir of
Robert Wilkenson of Harlaxston, deceased, to William
Wigston the younger of Leicester, merchant of the staple of
Calais, master Thomas Wigston, William Gyllot, clerks, and
Robert Clarke of Croston, yoman, of a messuage in the town
of Denton between the land of William Rolgarth on E. and
the common way westward and the king s way on S. and le
common sewer on N. with all lands, etc., in the town and
fields of Denton. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the need
and use of the said William Wigston. Warranty. Power
of attorney to Edward Woldham and William Whyte to
deliver seisin.
per me Rycardum Wylkynson.
Seal.
330. 1534 [26 Hen. VIII], a month from Easter. Westminster.
Final concord before Robert Norwiche, Anthony
Fitzherbert, Thomas Englefeld and William Shelley, justices,
afterwards granted and recorded in the octaves of Trinity,
between William Wygston the younger, merchant of the
staple of Calais, Thomas Wygston, clerk, William Gillott,
clerk, and Robert Clerke, querents, and Richard Wilkynson
and Elizabeth his wife, deforciants, of a messuage, 60 acres
of land, 20 acres of meadow, 20 acres of pasture and ten
acres of wood in Denton1, whereof a plea of covenant was
summoned between them : to wit, that the said Richard and
Elizabeth recognised the said tenements to be the right of the
same William Wygston, as those which he and the same
Thomas, William Gillott and Robert have of the gift of the
said Richard and Elizabeth, and remitted and quit-claimed
them from the same Richard and Elizabeth and the heirs of
Elizabeth to the said William, Thomas, William and Robert,
and to the heirs of the same William Wigston, with warranty.
The same William, Thomas, William and Robert gave £40
to the said Richard and Elizabeth.
Endorsed : Deliberatur per proclam' secundum formam
statuti.
lSee No. 321.
DENTON 225
330A. Counterpart of same. Endorsed : Lincoln ss. Inter
WiHelmum Wigston Jun' Mercatorem stapule ville Calis* et
alios . • •
331. 1544 [36 Hen. VIII], 22 Dec. Indenture of bargain
and sale by William Wigston of Combe, co. Warwick, esq.
to Henry Barns, citizen and grocer of London, Robert Pachett
of Leycestre, William Gillot of the same and Walter Browne
of the same, clerks, of his messuage in Denton with all other
his lands, meadows, etc. in the town and fields of Denton.
To be delivered before Easter next. The said Henry, Robert,
William and Walter have paid £18.
Per me Willelmum Wygston.
Fragment of seal.
331A. Counterpart of same. Seals gone.
332. 1544 [36 Hen. VIII], 23 December. Grant and confirmation
by William Wigston of Combe, co. Warwick, esq.,
to Henry Barnes, citizen and grocer of London, Robert Pachet
of Leicestre, William Gillot of the same and Walter Browne
of the same, clerks, of a messuage in the town of Denton,
between the land of William Rolgarth on E. and the common
way westward, and the king's way on S. and le common sewer
on N. with all lands, etc., in the town and fields of Denton.
To hold to the said Henry, Robert, William Gillot and Walter
of the chief lords, etc., to the need and use of the said Henry,
etc. and their assigns. Warranty. Power of attorney to
Thomas Thorpp and John Reede, clerk, to deliver seisin.
per me W. Wigston.
Small seal with arms of Wigston.
333. [An anonymous letter relating to land in Allington
and Denton: it appears to be written temp. James I.]
Tell the owners and occupiers of one messuage lxxx score
acres of lande xxxte acres of medowe and xl te acres of
pastures of pasture with the appurtinanc' in Allington, and
of one messuage xl te acres of lande twelve acres of medowe
and six acres of pasture with the appurt' tenements in Denton
that vnles order be taken the next terme they wilbe sezed for
a debt of cccc markes due by William Wigston of Woolston
226 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
in the countie of Warwicke esq. and others vnto the Kings
ma1"5 that now is.
This note was brought to me vppon the 18th of Jan. by
Ralf Raynold of Allington and young Clifton of Denton, who
told me that this note (or the contentes of it) was sent to
them from the sheriffe of Lincolne shire by one of his bailifes,
but they could not tell me the name either of the hye sheriffe
or vnder sheriffe of that countye.
1 thinck you shall meet with the vndersheriffe of Lincolne
shire at London in the terme tyme and that you may inquir
him out by the name of his office.
And (yf you finde him) your speediest way to learn the
originall and estate of the aforsayd danger wilbe by him.
And yf you cannot finde him, it may be you may learne of it
in the exchecker. / But it would be in myne opinion a good
helpe and readiness vnto you yf you would step hither though
it be but for one night (before you goe to London.) to peruse
the evidences wherby the 2 tenements aforesayd weare conveied
to the house, that so you may be resolved wheather
that William Wigston of Woolston in W. shire was ever seised
of the sayd landes and tenementes or not, for I should thinck
that he lived over lately to have had any title in these landes
yf they wear conveied to the hospitall neare the tyme of the
founding of it, because 1 know the very same William W.
a knight dwelling in Coventry about 44 years since.
I suspect that this trouble is procured by Thornedikes
meanes. 1 pray God to deliver vs well from it, but you must
have an especiall care of it in tyme, that your tenantes may
not be troubled. Do such, yff it be possible to prevent it.
Wherin the doo earnestly intreate you protection.
A note of such deedes as 1 have founde that may perhaps
doe some good to avoyde the trouble that is threatened
vnto the hospitall landes in Allington and Denton.
First 2 coppyes of fynes acknowledged, in the 36 of H. 8,
of landes in Denton and Allington vnto Henry Barnes of
London, Robert Paget, William Gillot and Walter Browne,
by William Wigston of Combe in Warrwick shire esquier.
which no doubt was that W. Wigston of Wulson for whose
debt this trouble is pretended. / These 2 coppyes 1 have sent
you because they will leade you to the recordes.
Secondly I finde 4 seurall deedes (that did lead the sayd
fines) wherby the sayd William Wigston did convey and passe
vnto the afore named persons in that 36 of H.8. In two of
FOSTON 227
them of one messuage and landes in Denton and the third of
3 messuages, one capitall messuage in Allington and of an
other in Denton and of a third in .... / And the 4
deed is an indenture of covenantes for the assuring of
Reinoldes his tenement in Allington by name and of an other
in Denton. / but I find not the conveyance of those landes
to the hospitall by the above named 4 persons.
Thirdly there is a release by 2 feoffes (at the founders
request) vnto the hospitall of all the landes they weare instated
in (togeather with the founder) in Allington and Harlaston ex
dono et feoffamento Elizabeth Dalby vidue vel Johane Elston
vidue.
Fourth I find 4 deedes dated the 18° H.8/ wherof 2 of them
I take to be the very same in effect namely to enfeoffe the
hospitall in 2 messuges in Foston and of 2 messuges in
Allington and of one in Harlaston, and these be of the
founders owne hand and seale / The 3 is his letter of attorney
for the delivering of possession to the hospitall according to
the aforeseyd deedes, and the 4th is the hospitalls letter of
attorny for their receiving of the sayd possessions.
Which deedes I thought not good to send you now, because
yf you finde that any of them will doe you good, vppon
direction from you they may be sent you vp to London./ And
in the meane while 1 thought best not to send them vnless
there be neede.
VIII. FOSTON.
334. N.d. 1 Grant by William Mauger in Foston to Henry
of the Chamber in Binigton, his heirs, assigns, or to whomsoever
he will give, sell or bequeath them, of two selions of
arable land in the territory of Foston in the west field, whereof
one lies in Thyrepittis between the land of John Kaunte and
that of Walter Gerard, and the other at le Clifnishende
between the land of Alice Mauger and that of Walter Gerard,
abutting at one head upon Becforlang. To hold to them,
their heirs and assigns of the said William and his heirs,
rendering therefor yearly a root of ginger at the feast of St
John Baptist for all services, etc.
Warranty.
1280^290^ateS °* th'S ^ 8CVera' subsequent charters seem to be c.
226 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses: sir Richard (?)', then vicar in Binigton,
William Spainson of the same, Ralph of Westburg, master
Ralph the clerk, Alan of Scaudeford, Robert of Scaudeford,
Robert the clerk, Hugh of Hyledic in Foston.
Seal gone.
335. N. d . Grant and confirmation by Henry of the
Chamber in Bynigton to Henry his nephew, of two selions
of arable land in the territory of Foston in the west field, viz.
one in Thyspittis (sic), between the land of John Kaunt and
that of Walter Gerad (sic); and the other at le Clifnishende,
between the land of Alice Mauger and that of Walter Gerard,
abutting at one head upon Becfrerelang. To hold of the said
Henry, his heirs or assigns, rendering therefor yearly a root
of ginger at the feast of St John Baptist. Warranty.
Witnesses: Sir Ralph, vicar of Bynigton; William
Sampson, Ralph of Westeburg', Ralph the clerk, Alan of
Scaldeford, Hugh of Hilledik in Foston.
Seal.
336. N. d . Grant and confirmation by William, son of
Thomas le Palmer of Foston, to Henry, son of William Kniht
of Brantiston2, his heirs or assigns, or to whomsoever he will
give, sell, bequeath or assign it, wheresoever and whensoever,
both in sickness and in good health, of two selions of land
in the territory of Foston; whereof one lies at Slekfores,
between the land of Walter son of Thomas at the Well and
that of Walter Leuet, with one head abutting westward, anJ
the other eastward; and the other selion lies by le Wodegate,
next the land sometime of Richard Thedrik, with one head
abutting eastward and the other westward, with all the
appurtenances within the town and without, to so much land
appertaining. To hold of the said grantor, his heirs and
assigns, freely, etc., rendering a root of ginger yearly on St
John Baptist's day, for all services, etc. Warranty. The said
Henry has given for this confirmation a sum of money as
gressom.
Witnesses : Hugh of Hildik in Foston, William of Stilton
of the same, Henry of the Chamber in Binigton, William
'Probably the name should be Ralph. 2Branston.
FOSTON 229
Sampson, Ralph of Westburg, Robert of Scaldeford, John
son of Ralph, Geoffrey Couayn.
Seal.
337. N. d . Grant and confirmation by William, son of
Thomas le Palmer of Foston, to Henry, son of William Kniht
of Branteston, of a selion of arable land in the territory of
Foston, lying at the south head of the town of the same,
between the land of Gilbert son of Geoffrey and that of
Geoffrey le Breuor, and abutting at one head upon the land
of Walter upon the Hill, and at the other towards the pit of
Walter in the Corner. To hold of the said William and his
heirs or assigns, rendering therefor yearly a root of ginger at
Christmas. Warranty.
Witnesses : Hugh of Hildik* in Foston, William of Stilton
of the same, Henry of the Chamber in Binigton, William
Sampson of the same, Ralph of Westburg', Robert of Scaldeford,
Geoffrey Couayn.
Seal gone.
338. N. d . Grant and confirmation by William, son of
Thomas le Palmer of Foston, to Henry, son of William
Kniht of Brantiston, of two selions of arable land in the
territory of Foston, viz. one upon Rodlandes, between the
land of Walter Benne and that of Geoffrey called le B[reuor].,
and the other [in le Falehes], between the land of Gilbert
son of Geoffrey and that of John Ackelin. To hold of the
said William, his heirs or assigns, rendering therefor yearly a
root of ginger at Easter. Warranty. For this grant, etc., the
said Henry has given a sum of money as a gressom.
Witnesses : Sir Ralph, vicar of Binigton; Henry of the
Chamber of the same; William Sampson, Ralph of Westburg,'
Robert of Scaldeford, Robert son of Ralph.
Good seal. + s. WILLI : FIL : THOE : PALMER.
A palm-branch.
339. 1281. Grant and confirmation by William, son of
the sometime Thomas le Palmer of Foston, in his good prosperity,
to Henry, son of William Kniht of Branteston, of seven
230 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
selions of arable land in the fields of Foston1, viz., one at
Slekfores, between the land of Walter, son of Thomas at the
well, and that of Walter Boner; one next le Wodegate, next
the land sometime of Richard Thedrik'; one at the south
head of the town of Foston, between the land of Gilbert son
of Geoffrey and that of Geoffrey le Breuor; one upon Redelandes,
between the land of Walter Benne and that of Geoffrey
le Breuor; one in le Falehes between the land of Gilbert son
of Geoffrey and that of John Achelin; and two upon Peselandes,
between the land of Gilbert Lewyn and that of
Geoffrey le Breuor. To hold of the said William, his heirs or
assigns, rendering therefor yearly a root of ginger at the feast
of St John Baptist. Warranty. The said Henry has given a
sum of money as a gressom.
Witnesses : sir Ralphe, vicar of Binigton2; Henry of the
Chamber, of the same; William Sampson, Ralph of Westburg',
Robert of Scaldeford; Hugh of Hilledik' in Foston;
Walter of Wodehows of the same; William of Stilton.
Seal gone.
340. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Isabel, daughter of
Thomas le Palmer of Foston, to Roger .... son of
Hugh of Welburn in Gunwordeb3, or to whomsoever and
whensoever he will give, assign, etc., of two selions of arable
land in the field of Fostun, viz., one beyond Grantham gate
next the land sometime of Custance the widow, sometime wife
of Richard son of Robert, in the east field of Fostun; and the
other in the west field of the same town beyond le Waterfures
next the land sometime of Roger Kosin. To hold of the
said Isabel and her heirs, with the pasture and all other
appurtenances, rendering therefor yearly to William le Palmer
and his heirs a silver penny at Easter for all worldly service,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Robert son of Alan of Gunwordeb'; Isabel
; ... of the same; Hugh of Hildic in
[Foston]; William Mauger of the same; William of Stiltun of
the same; Nicholas . . . bru of the same; William Santon
of Bynington; Master Ralph of the same.
Seal gone. Much torn.
'For the first two selions see No 336; for the third see No. 337; for the
fourth and fifth see No. 338. For the remaining two there is no separate
charter 2His institution to the vicarage of Long Bennington does not
seem to be recorded. sGonerby.
FOSTON 231
341. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Idonea, daughter of
Roger Cusyn of Foston, in her free widowhood and liege
power, to Robert of Foston, dwelling in Ledenham1, of three
selions of arable land in the east field of Foston, lying between
the land of the same Robert on S. and that of William of
Stylton on N., and abutting upon Redlandheuedgate eastward,
and upon the path lying below the court of Roger Cusyn her
father westward. To hold of the said Idonea and her heirs,
rendering therefor yearly a silver halfpenny at Christmas.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Hugh of Hyldick' in Foston; William of
Stylston (sic) in the same; Ralph of Westburgh in Binigton;
Henry de la Chambre in the same; William Samson, Robert of
Scaldeford, Geoffrey Couyn.
Seal.
Endorsed: Carta Idonee Cusyn. Redd. j. ob. ad Natal'
dni.
342. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Idonea, daughter
of Roger Cosin of Foston, in her free widowhood and liege
power, to Robert of Foston, clerk, dwelling in Ledenham.
of a selion of her land in the field of Foston upon le Southou.
next the land of William of Stilton on N., and abutting upon
the headland of Geoffrey son of Symon eastwards, and upon
Suthmerefure westwards. To hold of the said Idonea, her
heirs and assigns, rendering therefor yearly a clove of gillyflower
at the Nativity of St John Baptist. Warranty.
Witnesses : Sir Ralph, vicar of Benigthon; Henry of the
Chamber, Ralph of Westburg', William Sampson, Robert of
Scaldeford, of the same; Hugh of Hyldick' in Foston;
William of Stilton, Symon his son, Walter le Mareschal,
Robert son of Walter of Hyldyck', of the same.
Seal.
• ajui [uunuuy u/ier ine sinnuncianon.
Ledenham. To all Christ s faithful who shall see or hear thi
writing, Idonea, daughter of Roger Cusyn of Foston, health ii
the Lord. Know ye that I have received as a loan and have hat
of Robert of Foston, dwelling in Ledenham, twenty shilling
of good sterlings, to be paid to the same Robert or his certaii
'Leadenham.
232 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
attorney who shall restore to me this writing on the feast
of Pentecost [6 June], A.D. 1283, without further delay: the
which twenty shillings if I pay not to the said Robert at the
term aforesaid, I will and grant for me and my heirs that two
selions of my land on the west side of the town of Foston,
lying under the court sometime of Jordan son of Walter of
the same, between the land of Walter de la Wodehuse on
one side and the land of William of Stilton on the other, shall
remain, quit, freely and absolutely, to the said Robert and
his heirs or assigns in fee and heritage, to hold of me and my
heirs, rendering therefor yearly to me and my heirs a silver
halfpenny at Christmas for all secular services, customs and
demands. In witness whereof 1 have set my seal to this
writing.
Witnesses : Hugh of Hildick in Foston, William of Stilton
in the same, Ralph of Wesburgh in Benigton, Henry de la
Chambre in the same, William Samson of the same, Robert
of Scalford in the same, Geoffrey Couayn of the same, and
others.
Endorsed: Carta Idonee Cusyn .... sub curia
Jordani de Foston.
344. N.d. Grant and confirmation, in her liege widowhood
and power, by Ydonia, daughter of Roger Cosin of
Foston to Henry, son of William Kniht of Brantestona, of
three selions of arable land in the territory of Foston; whereof
one lies upon le H .... for [long], between the land
of Walter of Wodehous and that of William of Stilton, abutting
. upon the land of Robert son of Custance, and at
its west head upon that of the said Ydonia; and one selion
at Pomand[ik] between the land of William le Palmer and
that of William of Stilton, with one head abutting upon the
king's way called Gumthramgate, and the other head upon
Pomandik; and one selion in Flaxmer, between the land of
William of Stilton and that of Geoffrey le Breuour, with one
head abutting upon the headland of Geoffrey son of Symon.
and the other upon the headland of the same Geoffrey, with
all appurtenances and easements within the town and without
to such land appertaining. To hold of the said Ydonia, her
heirs or assigns, to the said Henry, his heirs or assigns, freely,
quit, in peace, entirely, by right of inheritance, rendering
therefor yearly a root of ginger on St John Baptist s day for
FOSTON 233
all services, etc. Warranty. For this grant and confirmation
the said Roger has given a sum of money in gressom.
Witnesses : Hugh of Hildik in Sutton, William of Stilton
of the same, William le Palmer, [Henry] de Camera in
Binigton, [William] Sampson, Ralph of Westburg, Robert of
Scaldeford, John of Colingham, John son of Ralph, Geoffrey
Couayn.
Seal gone.
345. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Ydonia, sometime
the daughter of Roger Cusyn of Fostona, in her free and liege
widowhood, her proper, pure and full power, to Henry son
of William Knythe of Brantestona, his heirs or assigns, or
to whomsoever, etc., of six selions of land in the territory of
Fostona, viz. one at Thyrspittes, between the land sometime
of William Alewyn and that of Walter of Wodehus; one
beyond le Kyrkegate, next the land of Walter of Wodehous:
one upon Toftis, next the land of William Ysaac; one above
Schortlandes, next the land of William Legath and that which
was sometime of the said Ydonia in the west field of Fostona;
one above Foxoles, next the land of Alexander Yue; and one
upon Peslandes next the land of William Bonefaunt in the
east field of Fostona. To hold, etc., as they lie and abut in
either field of Fostona, etc., rendering therefor yearly to the
said Ydonia, her heirs or assigns, a silver halfpenny on St John
Baptist's day for all services, etc. Warranty. For this grant
the said Henry has given to the said Ydonia a sum of money
in her sore need.
Witnesses : sir Ralph, vicar of Bynigton; Henry of the
Chamber in the same; William Sampson; Ralph of Westburk;
Robert of Schaldeford; John of Colingham; Hugh of Hyldick
of Fostona; William le Paumer; William of Stylton of the
same.
Seal gone.
346. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Idonea, daughter of
Roger Cosyn of Foston, to Henry, son of William Kniht of
Branteston, his heirs or assigns, or to whomsoever, etc., of a
selion of arable land in the west field of Foston, viz. under
the windmill between the land of Walter of Wodehous and
that of Richard, son of William in the Churchyard, abutting
234 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
at one head eastwards and at the other westwards. To hold
of the said Idonea, her heirs or assigns, etc., rendering therefor
yearly a race of ginger at Easter for all services, etc.
Warranty. For this grant the said Henry has given a sum of
money to the said Idonea as a gressom.
Witnesses : sir Ralph, vicar of Binigton; Henry of the
Chamber of the same; William Sampson; Ralph of Westburg;
Hugh of Hildik in Foston; William of Stilton; William le
Palmer.
Seal gone.
347. N. d . Grant by Ydonea, sometime the daughter of
Roger Cosin of Foston, in her free widowhood and good
prosperity also, to Henry son of William Kniht of Brantestone,
his heirs or assigns, or to whomsoever he will, wheresoever
and whensoever, in sickness or in good health, he will give,
sell, bequeath or assign them, of nineteen selions of arable
land in the territory of Foston1, and of a plot of meadow in
the meadow of the same; of the which selions one lies upon
le Waterfores, between the land of Walter of Wodehows and
that of William of Stiltona; and one at Pomandik, between
the land of William Palmer and that of William of Stiltona;
and one in Flaxmer, between the land of William of Stiltona
and that of Geoffrey Breuor; and one at Thirspittes, between
the land sometime of William Alewyn and that of Walter of
Wodehows; and one beyond le Kirkegate, next the land of
Walter of Wodehows; and one upon Toftes, next the land
of William Ysaac; and one upon Schortlandes, next the land
of William Legath; and one upon Foxholes, next the land of
Alexander Yue; and one upon Peslandes, next the land
of William Bonenfaunt; and one in Northmere, between the
land of Geoffrey Dikil and that sometime of Richard Thedrik;
and one in le More, between the land of William Hilledik and
that of William of Stiltona; and one upon le Waterfores,
between the land of Geoffrey Breuor and that which was of
William le Palmer; and one between le Sike and le Bekre,
between the land of William of Stiltona and that of Gilbert
son of Geoffrey; and one at Tobekkes, between the land of
William of Stiltona and that of Richard son of Gilbert; and
one at Newengdike, between the land of William son of
'For the first three selions see No. 344; for the next six see No. 345.
There is no separate charter for any but one of the remaining ten.
FOSTON 235
Geoffrey and that of Reynald son of Malke; and one upon
Engedikforlong, between the land of William of Stiltona and
that of William Palmer; and one beneath the windmill of
Foston, between the land of Walter of Wodehows and that
of Richard at the Church'; and one at Hinorthlittelhil, next
the land of Richard at the Church; and one at Molksbrigges,
between the land of Richard at the Church and that of John
son of Hawise; and a plot of meadow which lies upon Toftes,
and contains one rood, with all their appurtenances, liberties
and easements, to wit in leasowes and pastures and paths,
both within the town and without, appertaining to so much
land and meadow. To hold, etc., of the said Ydonea and her
heirs or assigns, freely, etc., rendering therefor yearly a silver
penny at the Nativity of St John Baptist for all services, etc.
Warranty. And for this gift, grant, and confirmation the said
Henry has given the said Ydonea a sum of money in hand in
her sore need.
Witnesses : sir Ralph, vicar of Binigtona, Henry of the
Chamber in the same, William Sampson, Ralph of Westburg,
Robert of Scaldeford, John of Colingham, John son of Ralph
in Binigtona, Hugh of Hilledik in Fostona, William of
Stiltona, William Palmer.
Seal gone.
348. N. d . Grant and confirmation by Ydonia, daughter
of Roger Cusyn in Foston, to Henry son of William Knitht of
Branteston, his heirs or assigns, or to whomsoever, wheresoever
and whensoever he will give, sell, bequeath or assign it,
whether in sickness or in good health, of a plot in the town
of Foston with a solar and cellar founded in the same,
between the land of John of Houton and that of William of
Stilton, containing in breadth 50 feet, and abutting at one
head towards the king's way and at the other upon the
field. To hold of the said Ydonia and her heirs, rendering
therefor yearly a peppercorn on Christmas day for all services,
etc. Warranty. The said Henry has given a sum of money
as a gressom.
Witnesses : sir Ralph, vicar of Binigton; Henry of the
Chamber in the same; William Sampson; Ralph of Westeberg;
Hugh of Hildike in Foston.
Seal gone.
'See No. 346.
236 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
349. 1285-6, 22 Feb. [St Peter's chair, 14 Edw. I]
Binigton. Grant and confirmation by Ydonia, daughter of
Roger Cusyn of Fostona, in her proper and lawful widowhood,
to Henry son of William Kyncht (sic) of Brancetona in
Binigton, and his heirs, or to whomsoever, etc., of a messuage
in the town of Fostona with a solar and cellar built in the
same, lying between the toft of John of Houtona and that of
William of Styltona, containing in breadth 50 feet, with one
head abutting towards the king's way, and the other upon the
east field of the same town, with all the liberties and easements
within the town of Fostona and without to the same
messuage appertaining. To hold, etc. [as in the preceding
charter]. Warranty. For this grant the said Henry has given
a sum of money to the said Ydonia in her need.
Witnesses : sir Ralph, vicar of Binigton; Henry of the
Chamber in the same; William Sampson; Ralph of Westeburg;
Hugh of Hyldik in Foustona.
Seal gone.
350. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Cecily, daughter of
Walter de la Wdhuse, Thomas her son, and Richard [le
Enueyle] her husband, to Alice her sister, of four selions of
arable land in the fields of Foston, to wit, in the east field
two, one at Crundicend next the land of John Brun on E.,
and containing in itself a perch and four cad', (?) and one
selion in the west field upon West . . . , to wit, the nearest
westward of the four selions which were of Roger Cosin; and
one upon le Suthhou, abutting upon the land of John son of
William in the Churchyard at the east head; and one upon
Westwrongland, next the land of the said Alice, daughter of
Walter de la Wdehuse; and the third part of the said Cecily's
dove-house in Foston, upon the messuage sometime of Roger
Cosin, with free entry and exit without hindrance to Alice in
her lifetime. To hold of the grantors and their heirs for a
sum of money paid in hand, rendering therefor yearly a silver
farthing at the feast of St John Baptist, at the house of the
grantors in the town of Foston. Warranty.
Witnesses : Sir Ralph, vicar of Binigton; Henry of the
Chamber, Ralph of Westeburg', in the same; Thomas Brun,
William Sampson, of the same; John of Colyngham in the
same.
Seal gone.
FOSTON
351. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Cecily, daughter of
Walter de la Wdhuse, Richard Lenveyle1 and Thomas son
of the said Cecily, to Alice her sister of Foston, her heirs or
to whomsoever, etc., of a selion of arable land in the east
field of Foston under Littelhil, between the land of A vice,
sister of the said Cecily, and that of William son of Geoffrey
in the Churchyard. To hold, etc., of the grantors and their
heirs for a certain sum of money paid in hand, rendering
therefor yearly a farthing at the feast of St John Baptist in
Foston. Warranty.
Witnesses : Sir Ralph, vicar of Binigton; Henry of the
Chamber, Ralph of Westeburg', John of Colingham, in the
same; Richard of Binington, Richard Somer, Robert of
Berford, of Foston.
Three seals.
352. N.d. Release and quitclaim by Alice who was the
wife of William the miller of Bynington2 to John of Rouceby
of Foston, of her right and claim in three selions of arable
land in the fields of Foston, which the same John has of the
gift and feoffment of John le Marchale her son. Warranty.
Witnesses: Walter of Hildik, Matthew of Braham, of
Foston; William Saumson, Thomas Broun, of Binigton;
William Beuerege of Merston.
Seal gone.
353. N.d. Grant and confirmation, in her pure widow
hood and lawful power, by Alice, daughter of Walter
Vodehous, dwelling in the town of Foston, to William of
Beningfeld, carpenter, dwelling in the town of Binington, of
four selions of arable land lying in the fields of Fostone, viz..
one upon le Milnehil next the land of Richard Somer on W..
abutting at the north head upon the headland sometime of
Walter Cordian; another upon le Southou, between the land
of William Gilbert on N., abutting at the west head upon the
land of Ralph Chapman; another upon le Waterforoues,
between the land of Richard Somer on S. and that of Robert
Gerard on N.; and one upon le Rede de le Milnehil between
the land of William of Heckingtone on W. and that of
'Or Lenveyse; also called Veyse, le Veyse, Weyse. 2 Alice, daughter
of Walter de la Wodehus, and widow of William Marchal.
238 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
William at the Cross on E. To hold of the said Alice, her
heirs or assigns, for ever, doing to the chief lord, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Henry of the Chamber, William Sampson,
Thomas Broun, of Biningtone; Henry of Braunstone; Richard
Somer of Fostone.
Seal gone.
354. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Alice, daughter of
Walter de le Wodehous, dwelling in the town of Fostone, to
William of Benifeud, carpenter, dwelling in the town of
Biningtone, of a selion of arable land in the west field of
Fostone, between the land which Robert en le Wro sometime
held on W., and that sometime of John Gerard on E., abutting
at the north head upon Northingdiche and at the south head
upon the headland of Walter Blound; and of a small plot
(modicam placeam) of a meadow in le Swothwarlotes,
abutting at the north head upon Stacholmdige, and at the
south head upon le Bee. To hold of the chief lord, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Henry of the Chamber, William Sampson, of
Biningtone; Henry of Braunston, Thomas Brown, Richard of
Cleipoll, Richard Somer of Fostone.
Seal.
355. 1295, 31 July [Sunday before St Peter's Chains, 23
Edu). /.] Foston. Grant and confirmation by Avice, daughter
of Walter de la Wodhus, dwelling in the town of Foston, to
William of Biningfeld, carpenter, of I 7 selions of arable land
in the fields of Foston, and four plots of meadow in the
meadows of the same town. The selions lying thus through
the fields, viz. in the east field one, abutting upon the toft
sometime of Roger Cusyn, lying next the land of the monks
of Binington1 on S.; one beyond Granthamgate, lying between
the land sometime of Walter Herui on either side; one above
Foteswelle, abutting upon Neueenggate northward, next the
land of John Brun; one upon Littilhil, between the land of
Walter at the Well on either side; one at Littilbrig, abutting
upon the land of Gilbert Lewin eastward; one by South
lThe monks of Savigny (Manche) who occupied the alien priory of
Long Bennington.
FOSTON 239
Byndickgate, lying next the land of the same tenement and
that sometime of William son of Geoffrey in the Churchyard .-
in the west field one at Pomandick, abutting upon the king's
way southward and upon Pomandick northward; one at
Souythmer, abutting upon the headland of Robert Gerard
westward and upon le Sike which comes from Souythmer
eastward; one at the windmill which was sometime of Roger
Cusyn; one in Westmerdale, abutting upon Alynton heuedis
southwards; one ad antrum sometime of Walter Brune,
between the land of the same tenement and that sometime
of Robert son of Custance; one in le Bouttis on the S. side of
le Toftis, and abutting upon the headland sometime of
Robert of Foston, lying between the land of Richard Somer
and that of William Burre; one abutting upon le Westbeke,
lying between the land of Richard in the Churchyard and that
of Richard Gamil; one upon the south side of le Wodgate,
lying next the land sometime of John Jordan; one ad antrum
sometime of Hugh of Hilledick, extending in length next the
boundary on S.; one in le Wotfuris1, abutting upon the land
of the same tenement eastwards and that of Thomas Godbarn
westwards; one upon Crumbdick, abutting upon the king's
way eastward, and lying next the land sometime of Hugh
of Hylledick. The meadow lying thus, viz. a plot in
Northeng, lying between the meadow of the monks and that
of Nicholas son of Robert of Foston; a plot in Engdick, lying
between the meadow of Richard Somer and that of the same
tenement; a plot upon le Souythedik in Engdick, next the
meadow of Richard Somer; a plot in Neueng, lying next the
carucate of meadow sometime of John Jordan. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty. For this grant the said
William has given to the said Avice a sum of money in her
great need.
Witnesses: Richard of Binington, dwelling in Foston;
Robert of Berford in the same; Richard Somer of the same;
Henry of the Chamber in Binington; Thomas Brun of the
same; William Sampson in the same; Flenry of Braunston in
the same.
Seal.
356. 1295-6, I Jan. [Circumcision, 24 Edw. /.] Bynyngtona.
Grant and confirmation by Avice, daughter of Walter
Waterfuris.
240 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
of Wodehus, dwelling in Fostona, in her free widowhood and
lawful power, to William Capuntar' {sic) of Benyngfeld, for a
sum of money which the said William of Benyngfeld
carpenter, had given in hand, of two selions of arable and
in the territory of Fostona, viz. one at Milnegate, which
extends towards Adlingtouma1, in the which selion the mill
sometime of Roger Kosin of Fostona is wont to stand, even
as the said selion lies in length and in breadth between the
land of Richard Sumur on N. and that of William son of
Geoffrey son of Simon of Fostona on S.; and the other at
Westbec, between the land of Richard in the Churchyard of
Fostona towards S. and that of Richard Gamil of the same
towards N., abutting at one head upon Westebec to W.,and
at the other upon the land sometime of Geoffrey Dikel
towards E. To hold of the said Avice and her heirs, rendering
therefor yearly to the chief lord a silver halfpenny at
Christmas for all secular services, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Sampson, Thomas Brun, Henry of
the Chamber, of Bynygtona; Richard of Claypol in Fostona;
Robert of Berford of the same.
Seal.
357. Same date. Benygton. Grant and confirmation by
Avice, daughter of Walter of Wodehus in Foston [etc. as
above] to William of Benyfeld, carpenter, for a sum of money
which he has paid in hand, of seven selions of arable land in
the territory of Foston2, as they lie in the places below written,
viz. one at Milnegate, which passes between Foston and
Adlyngton, lying between the land of Richard Somer on N.
and that of William son of Geoffrey son of Symon on S., in
the which selion the mill which was of Roger Cosyn of Foston
sometime used to stand; one at Westbeck, between the land
of Richard in the Churchyard of Foston southward, and that
of Richard Gam el of the same northward, the head whereof
abuts upon Westbeck westward and the other head upon the
land sometime of Geoffrey Dykel eastward; one on the W.
side of Crumdykgate, between the land of Richard son of
Thomas Ysaac and that of Robert son of Walter Gerard; one
upon Saltmerfurlong, between the land of Walter son of Hugh
of Hyldyck and that of John Broun, and abutting upon the
1 Allington. 2For the first two selions see No. 356; for the next two,
No. 358; for the next two. No. 359; and for the next, No. it)U.
FOSTON 241
land of Thomas Godbarn; one in the place called Granthamgate,
between the land of William son of Walter Heruy on
either side, the head whereof abuts upon the headland of
Wilharn Gilberd eastward and the other head abuts upon the
land of John Broun westward; one between the land of John
Broun of Foston on E. and that of William Gilberd on W.,
whereof one head abuts upon Neuhenggate northward and
the other upon the headland of Richard at the Church southward;
and one between the land of Richard Somer eastward
and that of Cecily, daughter of Walter of Wodehous westward,
whereof one head abuts upon Pomandyk northward
and the other head abuts upon Granthamgate southward.
Grant and confirmation also of all that plot of meadow in
Northenge at Wadholm, which lies between the meadow of
the monks of Benygton of W. and that of Nicholas of
Ledenham on E. and abuts upon le Suthdyck. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Henry de la Chaumbre of Benygton; Robert
of Berford; Richard of Cleypol in Foston; Richard Somer,
Richard at the Church, of the same; Thomas Broun, William
Sampson, of Benygton; Henry of Braunzton, John of
Colyngham, in the same.
Seal.
358. 1295-6, II Feb. [Saturday bej ore St Valentine, 24
Edw. /.] Binigton. Grant and confirmation by Avice,
daughter of Walter of Wodehuse, dwelling in Foston, in her
free widowhood and lawful power, to William of Binigfeld,
carpenter, of three selions of arable land lying in the territory
of Foston, viz. one at Westbek between the land of Richard
in the Churchyard of Foston southward and that of Richard
Gamil of the same northward; another on the west side of
Crumdicgate between the land of Richard son of Thomas
Ysaac and that of Robert son of Walter Gerard on S.; and
the third upon Saltmerfurlong between the land of Walter
son of Hugh of Hildic and that of John Brun on N., abutting
at the west head upon the land of Thomas Godbarn; and of
a plot of meadow in Northeng at Wadholm abutting upon le
Suthdic, lying between the meadow of the monks of Binigton
on W. and that of Nicholas of Ledenham or the carucate on
E. To hold of the chief lords, etc., rendering therefor yearly
a silver halfpenny at Christmas for all worldly service, etc.
242 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Warranty. For this grant the said William has given a sum
of money in hand to the said Avice.
Witnesses : Henry of the Chamber in Binigton; William
Sampson of the same; Thomas Brun in the same; Richard of
Claypol in Foston; Robert of Berford in the same.
Seal gone.
359. 1296, 22 April [Sunday before St Mark, 24 Edw. I.)
Apud Fostonam. Grant and confirmation by Avice, daughter
of Walter of Wodehuse, dwelling in Fostona, in her pure
widowhood and lawful power, to William of Benygfeld
carpenter, of two selions of arable land lying m the helds of
Fostona, viz. one beyond the way called Grantamgate
between the land of William son of Walter Herm on. either
side, abutting at one head upon the headland of William
Gilberde eastward, and at the other head upon the 'and of
John Bruin westward; and the other between the land of John
Bruin of Fostona on E. and that of William Gilberd on W.,
abutting at one head upon Neuhenggate northward, and at
the other head upon the headland of Richard at the Church
southward. To hold of the said Avice, her heirs or assigns
and of the lord of the fee, etc., rendering yearly to the lord
of the fee a silver penny at Christmas, and to the said Avice
her heirs or assigns, an iron needle at the said term for al
worldly services, etc. Warranty. For this grant the said
William has given to the said Avice a sum of money in hand
in her need.
Witnesses: Richard of Claypol in Fostona; Richard
Sumur of the same; Henry of the Chamber, Thomas Bruin,
William Sampson, of Bynyngton.
Seal gone.
360. 1296, 6 May [Sunday before Pentecost, 24 Edw. /.]
Grant and confirmation by Avice [as before] to William of
Benyngfeld, carpenter, of a selion of arable land lying in the
territory of Fostona, in the east field, between the land of
Richard Somur towards E. and that of Cecily daughter o
Walter of (sic) [which she] sometime held towards W-,
abutting at one head upon Pomandik towards N., and at the
other head upon Grantamgate towards S Jo hold of the
said Avice, her heirs and assigns, and of the lord of the fee,
FOSTON 243
rendering therefor yearly to the chief lord a silver farthing at
Christmas, and to the said Avice, her heirs and assigns, an
iron nail for all worldly services, etc. Warranty. For this
grant the said William has given to the said Avice a sum of
money in her need.
Witnesses: Richard of Claypol, dwelling in Fostona;
Richard Somur of Fostona; Henry of the Chamber in
Binyngtona; Thomas Bruin of the same; William Sampson of
Benyngtona.
Seal.
361. 1296, 5 July [Thursday after St Peter and St Paul,
24 Edw. /.] In full court held at Benygton. Grant and bond
of Alice, daughter of Walter of Wodehouse of Foston, and
Avice her sister, to the effect that, whereas Richard Weyse
of Mamesfeld1, Cecily his wife, their sister, and Thomas, son
and heir of the said Cecily, have, by the common assent of
them all, conjointly enfeoffed William of Benyfeld, carpenter,
of a selion of arable land in the field of Foston, containing
in itself an acre of land, and on this account in their urgent
necessity, for the relief of their poverty, have received a competent
sum of money in hand from the same William, and
at the instance of the said Richard, Cecily and Thomas, and
for a sum of money which the same William has paid in hand
to the said Alice and Avice, they bind themselves and their
heirs to warrant the premises to the said William, his heirs
and assigns.
Witnesses: Henry of the Chamber, Thomas Brun,
William Sampson, of Benygton; Henry of Braunteston in the
same; Robert of Bereford; Richard of Claypol; Richard at
the Church, Richard Somer, of Foston.
One seal.
362. 1296, 21 Oct. [Sunday after St Luke, 26 Edw. /.]
Fostona. Grant and confirmation by Alice, daughter of
Walter of Wodehouse, dwelling in Fostona, in her pure
widowhood and lawful power, to William of Benifeld,
carpenter, of a plot of meadow lying in Northeng in a place
called Redeholme, and on one side next the water called
Le^eylefiel<1' N°S' 350' 35' Richard Weyse is called Richard Enveyle,
244 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Wyyem1 To hold of the chief lords. Warranty. For this
grant the said William has given in hand a sum of money to
the said Alice in her need.
Witnesses: Richard of Benigtona in Fostona; Richard
Somur, Robert of Berford, of the same; Henry of the
Chamber in Bynigtona; William Sampson, Thomas brum, of
the same; John of Colingham in Benigtona.
Seal gone.
363. 1296-7, 17 Feb. [Sunday before St Peter's chair, 25
Edu) / ] Foston. Grant and confirmation by Alice Marchal,
daughter of Walter of Wodhuse, dwelling in Foston, in her
pure widowhood and liege power, to William of Benyfeld
carpenter, of four selions of arable land in the territory of
Foston, viz. one selion upon le Suthou, which she bought
of Avice her sister, between the land of Robert of boston on
S and that of the monks of Binigton on N., abutting at one
head upon the headland of William son of Geoffrey son of
Simon towards E. and at the other upon the land which she
bought of Cecily her sister towards W.; another in Longwronglond
between the land of Richard Beysse M cm W
and that sometime of Cecily her sister, abutting at the N. head
upon the land sometime of William Bonfaunt, and at the S
head upon the boundary towards Adhngton; the third
between the land of Geoffrey Dikeril on S. and that sometime
of Roger Cosin on N., abutting at the E. head upon the selion
in which the mill which was of Roger Cosyn was wont to
stand2, and at the W. head upon the headland of Geoffrey
Dikeril3; and the fourth between the land of Robert son of
Custance on S. and that of Thomas Godbarn on N., abutting
[at one] head upon the land of John of Houtona. To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. For this grant the said
William has given to the said Alice a sum of money in hand.
Witnesses: Richard of Binigton in Foston; R°bert of
Berford, Richard Somer, in the same; Henry of the Chamber
Thomas Brun, William Sampson, in Binigton; John ot
Colingham.
Seal gone.
1Witham The Witham forms the N. boundary of the parish of F°8t°ndividing
from Westbo.ough. *Cf. Nos. 355 , 356. •glsewhere died
Dikel, Dikil, Dykel.
FOSTON 245
364. 1297, 18 April [Thursday after St Tiburtius and St
Valerian.] Foston. Grant and confirmation by Alice Marchal
[as before] to William of Benifeld, carpenter, of a selion of
arable land in the east field of Foston at le Redlandes, next
the land of William sometime at the Church on N., abutting
at the W. head upon the land of the monks of Binigton, and
at the E. head upon that of William Gilbert. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty. For this grant the said William
has given the said Alice a sum of money in hand.
Witnesses : Richard of Cleypol, Richard Somur, Robert
of Berford, in Foston; Henry of the Chamber in Binigton;
Thomas Brun of the same; William Sampson; John of
Colingham.
Seal.
365. 1297, 25 April [Sf Mark, 25 Edw. /.] Grant and confirmation
by Nicholas Brus, son of Idonea Cosyn of Foston,
to William of Benyfeld, carpenter, of a selion of arable land
in the east field of Foston, between the land of Richard Somer
on S. and that of William of Benifeld on N., abutting at the
west head upon the plot sometime of Roger Cosyn and at
the east head upon the way called Granthamgate; and of her
whole part of a plot of land whereon the mill sometime of
Roger Cosin was wont to stand, together with her whole part
of a post standing upon the same place. To hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty. For this grant the said William his
given to the said Nicholas a sum of money in hand.
Witnesses: Richard of Cleypol in Foston; Richard
Somer, Robert of Berford, in the same; Henry of the
Chamber in Binigton; Thomas Brun, William Sampson, of
the same; John of Colingham.
Seal gone.
366. 1297, 14 June [Thursday after St Barnabas, 25 Edw.
/.] Foston. Grant and confirmation by Richard le Veyse of
Mamesfeld and Cecily, daughter of Walter of Wodhus, and
Thomas, son of the said Cecily, to William of Benyfeld,
carpenter, of their whole part of a rood and a half of meadow,
lying at the south head of Neuheng, between the meadow of
the neifs1 of the town of Foston on either side. To hold of
the chief lord, etc. Warranty.
^he nativi, i.e. serfs, villeins
246 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses: Richard of Benigton in Foston; Richard
Somur, Robert of Berford, of the same; Henry of the
Chamber in Binigton; Thomas Brun of the same; William
Sampson; John of Colingham.
Seal gone.
367. 1297, 26 June [Wed. after St John Baptist, 25 Edw. I.]
Fostona. Grant and confirmation by Richard le Weyse of
Mamesfeld, Cecily, daughter of Walter of Wodehuse, and
Thomas, son of the said Cecily, to William of Benifeld,
carpenter, of two selions of arable land in the territory of
Fostona, viz. one on the S. side of Neuhenggate next the land
of William Syre on N. and that sometime of William
Bonefaunte on S., abutting at the east head upon the headland
of Walter in the Corner; and the other upon le Redemilnehil
between the land of ^Filliam at the Cross and that
of William Burre, abutting at the south head upon the headland
of William Gilberde. To hold of the chief lord, etc.
Warranty. For this grant the said William has given a sum
of money in hand.
Witnesses : Richard of Benygtona in Fostona; Richard
Somur, Robert of Berford, of the same; Henry of the
Chamber in Benygtona; Thomas Bruine of the same; William
Sampson; John of Colingham of Benygtona.
Seal broken.
368. 1297, 12 Dec. [Thursday after St Nicholas, 26 Edw.
/.] Foston. Grant and confirmation, by mutual consent, of
Richard Veyse of Mamysfeld, Cecily, daughter of Walter
de la Wodhuse, his wife, sometime dwelling in Foston, and
Thomas son of Hugh of Mamysfeld, son and heir of the said
Cecily1, to William of Byningfeld, carpenter, of six selions
of arable land in the fields of Foston, viz. one in le Waterfurs
next the land of William upon the Hill of the same fee: one
bysuth (sic) Wodegate, abutting upon Westbeck; one ad
antrum of Gilbert Benne between the land of the said William
and that of Nicholas of Foston; one at Pomandick next his
land on S.; one by Northlutelhyl, abutting upon the headland
of William Gilb[ert], and one at the gate of the mill next the
land of Geoffrey le Breuur. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
xThoma9 was apparently Cecily s son by her first husband.
FOSTON 247
Warranty. For this grant the said William has given a sum
of money in hand to the said Richard, etc., in their great
need.
Witnesses : Robert of Berford, Richard of Bynigton, in
Foston; Richard Somer of the same; Henry of the Chamber
in Bynigton; William Sampson, Thomas Brune, of the same;
John of Colyngham in the same.
Three seals.
369. 1297, 29 Dec. [Sunday after St John Evangelist, 26
Edw. /•] Fostona. Grant and confirmation by Avice,
daughter of Walter of Wodehouse, dwelling in Fostona, in
her pure widowhood and lawful power, to William of
Benifeld, carpenter, of a selion of arable land in the west
field of Fostona, lying upon le Wodegate southward, between
the land of John le Caunt which he held southward and the
land of John Jurdan [which he sometime held] northward,
abutting at the E. head upon the land of Robert en le Wro
which he held, and at the other head upon the land of
Geoffrey Dikil westward. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty. For this grant the said William has given the said
Avice a sum of money in hand.
Witnesses : Richard of Benigtona in Fostona; Richard
Somur of the same; Robert Derford (sic) in the same; Henry
of the Chamber, Thomas Brun, William Sampson, John of
Colingham, of Benigtona.
Seal gone.
370. 1297-8, 26 Feb. [Wed. after St Matthew (sic)1, 26
Edw. /.] Foston. Grant and confirmation by Alice, daughter
of Walter de la Wodhuse, dwelling in Foston, in her free
widowhood and lawful power, to William of Beningfeld,
carpenter, of a selion of arable land in the west field of
Foston, lying upon le West Wrongland, between the land of
the said William on E. and that of Thomas Godbarn on W.,
and abutting upon the headland sometime of William
Bonenfaunte of Wytlandis northward and upon the boundary
which divides the fields of the said town of Foston and of the
town of Alynton southwards; and of a plot of meadow in
the meadows of the said town of Foston in Northyng, viz.
xThe year is given as 1297, but St Matthew must be wrong, if 26 Edw. I.
is right. St Matthias is obviously meant.
248 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
lying at le Nettilbushe and abutting upon the south antrum
of Northyng southwards and upon the headland of Redeholme
northwards; and also of her whole part which she had in a
plot of the site {fundi) of the aforesaid (sic) windmill in the
same field of the said town of Foston, which was sometime
of Roger Cosyn. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Richard of Bynington in Foston; Robert of
Berford, dwelling in Claypol; Richard Somer of Foston;
Henry of the Chamber in Bynington; Thomas Brune in the
same; William Sampson of the same; John of Colyngham in
the same.
Seal gone.
371. 1315-6, 16 Feb. [St Julian the virgin, 9 Edu). II.]
Foston. Grant and confirmation by William the miller of
Bynington and Alice his wife to John le Marchale, of three
selions of arable land in the field of Foston, which they had
of the inheritance of the said Alice during her life. [1 he
selions are specified as in the following charter, but Sleytefoures
is written Sleytefourres, and Gerard, Gerarad.] To
hold of the chief lords, etc. [No warranty.]
Witnesses : Walter of Hyldik, Matthew of Braham, of
Foston; William Saumson, Thomas Broun, of Bynington;
William Beuerege of Merston.
One seal.
372. 1315-6, 24 Feb. [St Matthias, 9 Edw. II.] Foston.
Grant and confirmation by John le Marschalle of Bynigton to
John of Rouceby of Foston, his wife, heirs and assigns, of
three selions of arable land in the field of Foston, whereof
one lies at Sleytefoures between the land of Sauenay1 and
that of Richard Somer, and another in the same furlong
between the land of John of Rischehale and that of John at
the Church, and the third upon Redelandes between the land
of Robert Gerard and that of Robert Furmage. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Sampson, Thomas Brun, of Bynigton;
Walter of Hyldik of Foston; William Beuereg' of Merston;
Richard the clerk.
Seal (broken).
'Savigny : see No. 354 note.
FOSTON 249
373. N.d.1 Grant and confirmation by John Mauniel of
Foston to Alice, daughter of Walter Rik of Binigton, of
fourteen selions of arable land in the territory of Foston,
together with half an acre of meadow in the fields of the same;
whereof one selion lies at the antrum of Walter Brown,
between the land of Walter de Russal and that of John de
Russal; one in le Waterfores, between the land of Oliver at
the Church and that of Willia m Formage; one between le Sik
and le Beke, between the land of John Iue and that of John
de Russal; one in le Beke, between the land of Walter Wilmer
and that of Thomas Alisonder; one at Cliuefen, between the
land of John of Braunston and that of Walter Wilmer; one in
le More, between the land of John of Berford and that of
Thomas Alisonder; one in le More, between the land of the
abbot of Savigny (Saueinaco) and that of Richard at the
cross; one upon le Houe, between the land of John de Russal
and that of William Godbarn; one at Neuerpesland, between
the land of John at the Church and that of William Godbarn;
one at Willerwach, between the land of Walter of Hildik and
that of Hugh Borre; one at Thornham, between the land of
John de Russal and that of William Roys; one at Broding
Wong, between the land of Agnes Godbarn and that of
Robert Jerrard; one at Neryingdik, between the land of
Walter of Hildik and that of William Godbarn; one among
Milngates, between the land of John de Russal and that of
Thomas Alisonder; and half an acre of meadow in Engedik,
as it belongs by mutation. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : William Sampson, Thomas de Camera, of
Binigton; Walter of Hildik, John of Rouceby, of Foston.
Seal gone.
374. 1317, 3 July [Sunday before the Translation of St
Thomas the Martyr, 10 Edw. II.] Foston. Grant and confirmation
by John Maunayel of Seggebrok to John of Rouceby
of Foston and Emma his wife, their heirs and assigns, of 13
selions of arable land with half an acre of meadow in the
fields of Foston, viz. one at Latsum, between the land of
Thomas Godebarne and that sometime of Ralph Willemer;
another upon Smalhalueacres, between the land of Oliver at
'This undated charter does not seem to be earlier than c. 1317.
250 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
i nv , of John of Rhishale; the third upon the
S side ofCEstwelgate, between the land of Robert Gerard and
that of Richard Royse; the fourth at
, , nf Richard Jurdan and that of Richard Gerard; the
fifth at Hlydyk " etteen the land of Walter of Hildyk and
that of Isabel Kaunt; the sixth at Thornham next the land of
Richard son of Royse; the seventh at Redewong between
The land of Walter of Hildik and that of the monks; the eighth
at Bindic gate, between the land of Richard Jurdan and that
of Ralph Willemer; the ninth abuts upon Neumggate next
the land of Walter of Hildyk; the tenth in the Mor, next the
land of John of Rouceby; the eleventh abuts upon Engedik
between the land of Richard Jurdan and that of Ralph
Willemer; the twelfth at Waterfoures, between Ithe land of
John at the Church and that of the monks; and the thirteenth
abuts upon the headland of John Maunayel and lie.i between
the land of William the miller and that of Richard Gerard,
and the half acre of meadow lies in Faldoles next the meadow
of Hugh at the Church. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Walter of Hildik, Matthew of Braham of
Foston; William Sampson, Thomas Broun, of Bimngton,
Roger of Laun' of Hagham1.
Seal gone.
375. 1317, Friday, 15 July [Translation of S t "
Edw I I . ) Foston. Grant and confirmation by John Mauniel
of Foston to John of Rouceby [etc. as before], of a selion in
the territory of Foston in the place called le Merch, lying
between the land of the abbot of Savigny and that of Richard
Jordan. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Walter of Hildik, Matthew of Braham, of
Foston; William Sampson, Thomas Broun, of Bimngton.
Seal gone.
376. 1318-9, 18 March [Sunday after S t Gregory the Pope.)
Foston. Grant and confirmation by John Maunayel of -eggebrok
to John of Rouceby of Foston [etc. as before]. of halt
an acre of meadow in Foston, lying in Seleytheyng in
1Hougham.
FOSTON 251
Northeyng next the meadow of Walter of Hilledyk on W. To
hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Walter of Hildik, Matthew of Braham, of
Foston; William Sampson, Thomas Broun, of Binington;
Roger of Laun', of Hagham.
Seal gone.
377. 1319, 25 July [St James the apostle.) Benygton.
Grant and confirmation by Henry of Brandeston of Benygton
to sir John his son, vicar of Benygton, of all his land and
meadow which he had in the fields of Foston1. To hold of
the chief lord, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses :Walter of Hildik, Matthew of Braham, John
of Rauceby, of Foston; Thomas Brown, William Sampson,
of Benygton.
Seal gone.
378. 1335, 8 Sept [Sunday, Nativity o f B.V.M. 10 Edw.
III.) Foston. Grant and confirmation (indented) by John
Maisand of Rouceby in Foston and Emma his wife to Oliver
their son and to the lawful heirs of his body, of three selions
of arable land, viz. one at Sletfores between the land of the
abbot of Savigny and that of Matthew of Braham, another in
the same furlong between the land of William of Russal and
that of Walter upon the Hill, and the third upon Reddelandes
next the land of Robert Jerrard and abutting at one head
eastward upon the land of Hugh Burre. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty. Remainder to
[charter torn] and the heirs of his [or her] body lawfully
begotten.
Witnesses : [Walter] of Hildik, William of Rouceby,
John Maunyel, of Foston; William Sampson, Thomas at the
Chamber, of Binigton.
Seal gone.
379. 1336, 8 Sept. [as before] Foston. Grant and conconfirmation
(indented) by the same John and Emma to the
same Oliver and the heirs of his body lawfully begotten, of
all the land and meadow which they had of the gift and
"See Nos. 336-339, 345-349.

feoffment of John Maunyel in the fields and meadows of
Foston, as appears by charters of feoffment To hold of the
chief lords, etc., rendering yearly to the sa.d John and Lmma
during their whole life a mark of s. ver at M.chaelmas
Warranty. Remainder, after decease of Ol.ver without such
heirs, to Richard his brother and the lawful heirs of his body.
Witnesses : Walter of Hildik, William of Rouceby, John
Maunyel, of Foston; William Sampson, Thomas at the
Chamber, William Broun, of Binigton.
Piece of seal.
Endorsed : ista carta constat Ricardo filio Johannis de
Rauciby.
379A. Counterpart of same (half torn away and seal gone).
Endorsed : ista carta constat Oliuero filio Johannis de
Rauciby.
380. 1347-8. 13 March [Thursday after St Gregory, 22
Edw. Ill] Benyngton. Grant and confirmation by John of
Braunston, vicar of the church of Bendyngton to Henry, son
of Richard Motte of Stubton, his nephew, of all the lands and
tenements which he had on the day of the making of these
presents, whether by right of inheritance after the death oF
Henry his father or by title of purchase in the town of boston ,
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Sampson, Thomas de la Chaumbre
William Broun, John of Hildik, William atte Pounte of
Benyngton; Walter of Hildik, of Foston; William of Rouceby.
Seal.
381 1349 II May [Monday after Translation of St
St Andrew, 23 Edw. HI] Foston. Grant and confirmation by
Henry, son of Richard Mot of Stobton to Elias his brother ot
all the lands and tenements which he had of the gift ot sir
John of Braunston, late vicar of Long Benyngton, in the
town and fields of Foston. To hold of the said Henry and
his heirs, rendering to the said Henry for the whole of his life
ten marks yearly by equal portions at Michaelmas and -aster,
and doing, for him and his heirs, to the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
iSee No., 374-376. 'See No. 377.
FOSTON 253
Witnesses: Walter Hildik, William Rauceby, Hugh
Mauniel, of Foston; William Sampson, John Hildik, of
Benyngton.
Seal.
Part torn off but preserved.
382. 1359, 8 June [Sunday bef ore St Barnabas, 33 Edw.
III]. Grant (indented) by William Rauceby of Foston, to
Richard and Oliver his sons, of the moiety of a messuage
lying in the town of Foston, between the tenement of William
on the Hill and that of William Cog. To hold to the said
Richard and Oliver for the whole of their life of the grantor
and his heirs. Warranty.
Witnesses: Walter Hildik of Foston, John Berford of
Claypol, William Sampson of Benyngton.
Seal gone.
383. 1352, 17 April [Sunday before St George, 36 Edw.
Ill] Byngham. Release and quitclaim by Hugh Mawyel of
Foston to Hugh of Rauceby of Foston, of all his right in a
plot and six selions of land with meadows, etc. in the town
and fields of Foston, which the same Hugh of Rauceby holds
of the grant of the said Hugh Mawyel and Emma his wife.
Witnesses : Richard of I hurleby, William Mawyel,
Richard son of William of Rauceby, of Foston.
Seal gone.
384. 1365, 2 Nov. [Sunday after All Saints, 39 Edw. Ill]
Foston. Grant and confirmation by Hugh Bozon of Skreueton1
to Richard of Rauceby of Foston and Oliver his brother,
of a messuage lying between the tenement of Richard of
Rauceby and that of Robert Heruy, and abutting upon the
king's way, and of two bovates of land with meadows, etc.,
in the town and fields of Foston. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty. Remainder, if the said Richard or Oliver
decease without lawful heirs of their body or without alienation
of the premises, to Hugh of Rauceby, their brother, his
heirs and assigns.
'Screveton, Notts.
254 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses : Richard Torald, Richard Rauceby, William
Mawyel, of Foston; George Samson, William Samson, of
Benyngton.
Seal.
385. 1378. 27 Sept. [Monday before Michaelmas, 2 Rich.
II ] Foston. Grant and confirmation by William Rauseby
of Foston to Margaret and Alice his daughters and the lawful
heirs of their bodies, of a bovate of arable land in the helds
of Foston. To hold of the chief lords, etc., rendering yearly
2s. at the feast of the Purification of St Mary. Remainder to
the right heirs of the said William.
Witnesses : Thomas Burre, John Alcok, William Baynbrygge,
Thomas Yseke, Stephen Warner, of Foston.
Seal gone.
386. 1397, 30 Sept. [Morrow of St Michael the Archangel,
21 Richard II] Acknowledgment of bond by John Wyttylay
of Merston and Alice his wife to William AW" of Fostonin
£10, payable at Christmas next. The said John and Alice
bind all their goods.
Fragment of two seals.
387. 1397-8, 24 Jan. [Thursday after St Vincent, 21 Rich.
II 1 Foston. Grant and confirmation by Richard Somere of
Foston to John his son and Beatrice, daughter of 1 homas
Berech of Benyngton, of a messuage in Foston between the
tenement of William Cogge and that of Richard Moyel, and
abutting upon the king's way, and of two bovates of and
with all meadows, etc., as appears by charter of the lady
Eleanor, sometime queen of England. To hold of the chief
lords, etc., to the said John and Beatrice and the heirs o
their bodies lawfully begotten, with remainder to the right
heirs of the said Richard. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Sampson, chaplain, George Broun.
John of Soutton, of Benyngton; Richard Wareyner, Hugh of
Rouseby, of Foston.
Seal.
388. 1445 [23 Hen. VI], 31 May. Walcote. The kings
justices of the peace in co. Lincoln in the parts of Kesteuen,
FOSTON 255
to Richard Bache, constable of Dadyngton1, and to John
Quaryour of Cathorp". William Somer of Foston has made
supplication to us, whereas he is threatened with his life and
the mutilation of his limbs by John Valeccode [of] Kelme3,
husbondeman, Robert of Fereby of Dodyngton, husbondeman,
William Maste of Westburgh, husbondeman, and John
Maste of the same, serving man, We therefore on the part
of the king, command you that the said John, Robert, William,
and John, or one of them, be attached by their bodies, so
that you shall have them before us at our next session in the
parts aforesaid, to find sufficient surety to keep the peace
towards the king s subjects, and chiefly towards the said
William Somer, so that they shall do, cause or procure to be
done him no damage or danger. And you shall guard them
safely under the danger which is incumbent; and, if they shall
refuse to do this, you shall cause them to be brought to the
king's prison at Lincoln, to be kept safe in ward until they
will do this. And you shall cause [certificate] to be made
to us how this precept has been executed at the day abovesaid.
Tested by William Walcote.
389. 1445-6 [24 Hen. VI.], 26 Jan. Foston. Grant and
confirmation by William Somour of Foston, co. Lincoln, to
John Chappeleyn of Benyngton, of the whole moiety of two
bovates of land and meadow in the fields of Foston.
adjoining a messuage in Foston called Hycke and Olivers
place, the which messuage and two bovates descended to the
said William by right of inheritance after the decease of his
brother John Somour. 1 o hold of the said William and his
heirs, rendering yearly a red rose at the Nativity of St John
Baptist. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Smyth, son of Richard Smyth, George
Smyth, Richard Wade, Thomas Pateman, of Benyngton;
John Warner of Foston.
Seal.
390. 1505 [20 Hen. VII], 16 Oct. Acknowledgment of
bond by John Somer of London, merchaunt habirdassher,
to Thomas Archer of Hougham, co. Line., yoman, in £60.
payable at the feast of the Purification next.
'Dry Doddington. 2Caythorpe. 3Keiham, Notts.
256 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Condition (endorsed): estate to be made to the said
Thomas before the above feast of all the lands and tenements
of the said John in Foston in the parish of Benyngton, with
delivery of evidences.
Piece of seal.
391. 1505 [2/ Hen. VII], 16 Dec. London. Grant and
confirmation by John Somer, son and heir of William Somer,
deceased, to Thomas Archer of Hougham, co. Lincoln,
gentilman, and Joan his wife, Humfrey Ferrour, clerk, and
Henry Archer, of all his lands, tenements, etc. in the town
and fields of Foston in the parish of Long Benyngton which
descended to the said John by right of inheritance after the
death of the said William Somer. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty. Power of attorney to William Pacy and
Richard Milton to take possession and deliver seisin.
Witnesses: Richard Pulney, Richard Whipp, Henry
Holden, of the parish of St Sepulchre, London; George
Langley, Antony Ireby.
Seal gone.
392. 1519 110 Hen. VIII], 31 August. Leycester. Release
and quitclaim by Thomas Wigston, clerk, Roger Wigston.
esq., and William Bolt, to sir William Fyshar and sir John
Thorpe his confrater, chaplains, and the twelve poor men
of the hospital of William Wigston the younger in Leycester
of all their right in those lands, etc., in the town and fields of
Foston in the parish of Longbenyngton, co. Line. To hold,
etc. for ever.
Three seals.
Endorsed : Relaxacio de Foston.
393. 1519 [// Hen. VIII], 10 Nov. Indenture (English)
of bargain and sale by Thomas Archer of Hougham, co.
Line., gentylman, to William Wigston of Leicetour the
younger, merchant of the staple at Calis, of all his rnessuages,
etc., in Foston in the parish of Longbenyngton, which were
purchased by the said Thomas of one John Somer, and are
now of the clear yearly value of £3 9 a. Usual clauses.
Estate to be made before Pentecost next. The said William
engages to pay £67 5s. 6d., of which £40 is paid on the present
FOSTON 257
date, and the residue is to be paid upon delivery of the
estate. Muniments to be delivered before the feast of All
Saints next. If there is not sufficient security, the said Thomas
undertakes to repay the said sum before the said feast of
All Saints.
Seal gone.
393A. Counterpart with seal, probably of Thomas Archer.
394. 1519 [// Hen. VIII], 10 Nov. Indenture of bargain
and sale by Thomas Archer of Heugham, co. Lincoln, to
William Wigston of Leicetour the younger, merchant of the
staple at Calis, of all his meases, lands, tenements, etc., in
Foston in the parish of Longbenyngton, which were late of
one John Somer, and were purchased of him by the same
Thomas. Estate to be made before Pentecost, and title deeds
to be delivered before the feast of All Saints next. William
Wigston undertakes to pay £67 5s. 6d, of which £40 is paid
at the making of these presents, and the residue is to be
paid immediately after the estate is made and the evidences
delivered. If sure estate cannot be obtained before the said
feast of All Saints, the said Thomas undertakes to repay the
said sum of £67 5s. 6d., or so much of it as he has by that
time received, to the said William within four weeks after
the said feast, and the said William shall grant him a release
and return the title-deeds.
Seal gone.
394A. Counterpart, with seal.
395. 1519 [// Hen. VIII], 23 Nov. Grant by Thomas
Archer of Hougham, co. Line., to William Wygston of
Leycestre, the younger merchant of the staple of Calais,
Thomas Wygston, clerk, Roger Wygston and William Bolte,
of all those lands and tenements, etc. which he has in the
town and fields of Foston in the parish of Long Benyngton.
viz. all those which he acquired of late from John Somer, son
and heir of William Somer. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
to the use of the said William Wygston. Appointment of
Robert Clerke of Croxston and William Smyth of Foston as
attorneys to deliver seisin.
Seal.
258 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
396 1519 [// Hen. V I I I ] , 20 Dec. Letters of attorney
of William Wigston of Leycestre the younger, merchant
[etc 1 Thomas Wigston, clerk, Roger Wigston and William
Bolt, empowering sir John Thorpe, chaplain and Richard
Feny to enter in their stead and name all those lands and
tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Foston in the parish
of Benington, co. Lincoln, which Thomas Archer of
Hougham, co. Lincoln, lately purchased of John Somer son
and heir of William Somer, and receive seisin on their behalf.
Four seals.
397 1519-20 [// Hen. V I I I ] , 22 February. Bond by John
Somer of London, haberdasher, to William Wigston, clerk,
Roger Wigston and William Fyssher, clerk, in £60, payable
at Easter.
The condicion of this obligacyon ys such that if the aboue
bounden John Somer in his own person befor the h east of
Easter next commyng make a sure and sufficient surrendre
in the lawe in the Courte of Benyngton befor the Stewarde
there vnto the abouenamed William Wigston Thomas Roger
and William Fyssher of all those lands tenements Rents reuercions
& seruices with their appurtenaunces sett lying and
being in the Town and Feeldys of Foston in the pansshe of
long benyngton in the Countie of lincoln, the which the
seyde John Somere of late solde vnto Thomas Archer of
Hougham in the seyde Countie of lincoln yoman and also yt
the seyde John Somere befor the seyde Feaste of Easter
delyuer or cause to be delyuered vnto the forseyde William
Wigston Thomas Roger & William Fyssher or to any of theym
their executours or assignez all such dedes evidences and
muniments as the seyde John Somere or any other to his
vse hath concernyng the seyde lands & tenements or any
parcell of the same, that then this present obligacyon to be
voyde & hadd for nought, or ells to stande in full strength
and vertue.
by me Jhon Somer.
Seal.
398 1520 [// Hen. V I I I ] , 4 April. Newark. Letters of
attorney of John Somer, citizen and habyrdasher of London
son and heir of William Somer, late of Foston in the parish
of Longbynnyngton, co. Lincoln, empowering William
FOSTON 259
Robert of Bynnyngton, Thomas Robert the elder, Thomas
Breton, William Pacy and Michael Gylbert of the same, to
receive jointly and severally in the place and name of the
said John, to the need and use of William Wygeston of the
town of Leicester, merchant of the staple of Calais, before
the steward in the next and full court to be held there,
possession and seisin of all his messuages, lands and tenements,
etc. in the towns and fields of Foston and Bynnyngton.
Simple queue : seal gone.
399. 1520 [ I I H e n r y V I I I ] , 12 April. Leycester. Letters
of attorney of John Somers [etc. as before], empowering
William Roberts of Benyngton, Thomas Roberts the elder,
[and the other as before] to make recognition for him and
in his name, and to release in any court and before any
judges, and especially before the steward of Benington in
full court there, all his right, etc. in all lands and tenements,
etc. in the towns and fields of Foston and Longbenyngton,
to be the right of William Wigston the younger of Leycestre,
merchant of the staple of the town of Calais.
Per me Jhon Somir.
Seal gone.
400. 1520 [ 1 2 H e n . V I I I ] , month after Easter. Final
concord made in the king's court at Westminster, before
Robert Brudenell, Richard Elyot, Lewis Pollard, and Richard
Croke, justices, between William Wygston, jun., merchant
of the staple of Calais, Thomas Wygston, clerk, Roger
Wygston and William Fyssher, clerk, plaintiffs, and John
Somer, son and heir of William Somer, late of Foston,
deforciant, concerning two messuages, 200 acres of land, 50
acres of meadow, 100 acres of pasture, and six acres of wood
in Foston in the parish of Longebenyngton. The said John
recognises the premises to be the right of the said William,
as those which the said William and the others have of his
gift, with quitclaim and warranty. The said William and the
others give to the said John 100 marks of silver.
Endorsed : Lincoln : Inter Willm Wygston Jun.
400A. Counterpart of the same.
Endorsed : Deliberatur per proclam. secundum formam
Statuti.
260 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
401 1527 [19 Hen. VIII). 31 August Leicester. Release
, • 1 Kv Thomas Wigston, clerk, Roger Wigston,
j Tnd wTlliam Bolt, to sir William Fyschar and sir John
esq., and w chaplains, and to the twelve poor men
^thf hospital of William Wigston, jun., in Leycester, of
a l their Rght in all those lands, tenements etc., m the town
and fields of Foston in the parish of Longbenyngton.
Per me Willm Bolte.
Three seals.
Endorsed : Relaxacio de Foston.
IX. ILLSTON-ON-THE-HILL.
402 N d. Grant and confirmation by William, son of
Hugh Prest of lluiston, to Thomas of lluiston, chap am o
Hugh res lluiston, and the breadth ol
whomsoever or whensoever he will give, sen,
or assigns, or quietly, well, in heritage and in
fe «
exactions, suits of courts and demands. Warranty.
Witnesses • William son of Mary, William son of Roger
Hugh son of Hugh at the church Hugh son of Ives, Robert
son of William, Osbert Aleyn, William Trowe.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : sine dat .
403 N d Grant and confirmation by Robert son of
R of Beleeraue to Robert the smith of llueston, of that
ILLSTON-ON-THE-HILL 261
between the land of the said Ives and of the said John, and
one rood lies upon Smalelonglond with the meadow between
the land of the said Ives and that of the said John, for 3i
silver marks given in hand. To hold of the said Robert and
his heirs, etc., rendering yearly 18d. silver at three terms,
viz. 6d. at the Purification, 6d. at Pentecost, and 6d. at
Michaelmas, for all secular service, exaction, and for suit of
the hundred of Gertre1 and of any court whatsoever, and
demand. Warranty.
Witnesses : William son of Mary, John son of William
the carpenter, William son of Roger, Richard the carpenter,
Lawrence of Galby, William son of Robert, Henry son of
Roger.
Fragment of seal.
Endorsed : sine datt'.
404. N.d." Grant and confirmation by William, son of
Richard of lluiston, to John, Hugh, Richard, Ranulph and
Alice his children, of a plot of his toft in the town of lluiston
next the new lane, containing in length next the lane 80ft.
and in length in the other part 65ft., and in breadth in the
under part 42ft., and in the upper part 44ft. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William Kuttore3, Robert of Mardefild,
William Coffin, Richard the carpenter, William son of Robert
Aleyn.
Seal gone.
Endorsed: sine dat'.
405. 1329, 23 November [S< Clement, 3 Edu). III.] lluiston.
Grant and confirmation by Emma, daughter of John, son of
Robert of lluiston, to John, son of Robert of lluiston, her
father, of a plot with the buildings in the town of lluiston,
between the toft sometime of William son of Ralph, and that
sometime of William son of Hugh, containing in length from
a certain willow to the king's way northward 210ft., and in
breadth next the king's way 100ft. and in the middle of the
plot in breadth 86ft., and in breadth in the upper part next
the said willow 46ft. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
'Gartree. 2After 1290. 'I.e. Taylor (Ciasor).
262 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses : John Bunt, William son of Peter, Robert son
of Robert, of Iluiston.
Seal gone.
406. 1342-3, 21 February [Thursday before St Peter's
Chair 17 Echo III.] lluestone. Grant and confirmation by
Edmund, son of Richard Gruhefd (sic) of Belgraue to John,
son of Robert of lluestone, of !8d. yearly rent in lluestone,
which the said Edmund received of William le Smyt, his heirs
and assigns, for a messuage and three roods of land in the
town and fields of lluestone, the which rent the said Edmund
wills and grants that the said John and his heirs or assigns
shall receive of the heirs of the said William or their assigns
at three terms of the year, to wit, at Pentecost 6d., at
Michaelmas 6d., and at the Purification 6d., with wards,
reliefs and all escheats1. Warranty.
Witnesses: Henry Penne, John Curly, John at the
Church, Robert le Cornour, Robert of Mardefeld, clerk, of
lluestone.
Endorsed : Willelmi Smyztis placea.
Seal gone.
407. 1344, 24 June [Thursday, St John Baptist, 18 Edw.
III.] Iluiston. Grant and confirmation by Ralph Aleyn of
Iluiston to William le Taylour of Iluiston and Alice his wife,
of an acre of land in the fields of Iluiston, to wit, half an acre
lying upon Wrongelond next the land of Richard le Cornour,
a rood and a half lying upon Steyirbanlont next the land of
Robert le Cornour, and half a rood with meadow lying upon
Calewelletunga next the land of the said Robert. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John son of Robert of Iluiston; Henry Penne,
John at the Church, Richard le Maresch', Robert the clerk,
of Iluiston.
Seal gone.
Endorsed: 1st' cart' Tayllar.
408. 1351, 24 May [Tuesday before the Ascension, 25
Edu). III.] Ilueston. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Caue
1See No. 403.
ILLSTON-ON-THE-HILL 263
of Carlton Curly to Richard Marchal of Ilueston, of five acres
of land with half an acre of meadow in the town and fields
[of Ilueston]. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Thomas of Wylugby, Hugh . . sdon,
William of Draucton, Richard le Ward.
Seal gone.
Endorsed: Thomas Caue . . .
409. 1352-3, 5 Jan. [Saf. eve of the Epiphany, 26 Edw. III.]
Iluiston. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Bentleye of
Iluiston to Ralph Mareschal of Iluiston, of an acre and a rood
and a half of arable land, whereof one acre and half a rood lie
in a croft called Pittiscrofte between the king's way and the
land sometime of William Tailhour, and a rood lies upon
Oldebolde at the head . . . next the land of the said
Ralph, for a sum of money paid in hand. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas of Slahston, Richard Warde, John
Bate, John son of Peter, John Ode.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : 1st' cart' Thome
410. 1358-9, 17 Feb. [Sunday after St Valentine, 33
Edw. III.] Iluiston. Grant and confirmation by John Nuby of
Iluiston to Richard Marchal of the same, of an acre of arable
land in the fields of Iluiston with holms of meadow, viz. a
rood upon Threhaysfirlinges next the land of John Nuby, and
a rood and a half with the holm next the land of the said
John, and half a rood with the holm upon Lyttelyolwell next
the land of the said John, a rood between the gates next the
land of the said John. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas of Sclauston, Richard Ward, William
cf Foxton, Robert of Dalby, Robert Nicol, of Iluiston.
Seal gone.
Endorsed [two hands] : Johannes de Newby Ric'
Marschall.
411. 1360, 4 July [Thursday, Translation of St Martin, 34
Edw. III.] Ilueston. Grant and confirmation by John, son of
264 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
William Tailhour of Ilueston, to John Mareschall of llueston,
of a rood of land lying under le Bere next the land of Robert
Nicolle, for a sum of money paid in hand. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Ralph Warde, John Bate, Ralph Mareschl',
Robert of Dalby.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : 1st* cart' Willelmus Tayllour Joh. Marescl'.
412. 1361, 1 August [Sunday, St Peter's Chains, 35 Edw.
III.] llueston. Grant and confirmation by Maud, relict of
Robert Martschal, to John Marschalle of Ilueston of two thirds
of a certain plot which the said Maud had by right of
inheritance of Robert of Stossun her father, lying between the
tenement of Robert W ... and part of the same plot of
Robert of Dalbi, and one part lies between the part of the
said Robert and the plot of William Pegle. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas of Slauston, Ralph Marschalle, John
of Billthorp, John Ode, John Bate, Ralph Felippe.
Seal gone.
413. 1461, 26 Dec. [Sunday, St Stephen's day, 35 Edw.
III.] llueston. Grant and confirmation by Thomas of
Slauston in Ilueston and Robert, son of William of Dalby of
the same, to Gryffin Taylur, dwelling in Ilueston, of a plot in
Ilueston, lying between the plot of Robert of Dalby on W.
and that of John, son of John Goldenhed, on E. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Bate, John Marchal, Richard Phylyp,
Richard of Billesdon, John son of Peter, of Ilueston.
Two seals [fragmentary].
Endorsed : 1st' cart' Thomas Sclauston.
414. 1361-2, 1 Jan. [Saturday, Circumcision, 35 Edward
III.] Ilueston. Grant and confirmation by Robert, son of
William of Dalby of Ilueston, to John Marchal of Ilueston, of
the third part of a plot which the said John has and holds in
Ilueston, lying among the purparties of the plot of the same
John. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
ILLSTON-ON-THE-HILL 265
Witnesses : Thomas of Slauston, John Bate, John Ode,
Thomas Wresteler, Richard Ode, of Ilueston.
Fragment of seal.
415. 1363-4, 11 Feb. [Sunday after St Agatha, 38 Edw. III.]
Iluiston. Grant and confirmation by John, son of Peter of
Iluiston, to John Marchal of the same, of half a rood in the
field of Iluiston, lying upon Myddilyl next the land of Robert
of Dalby. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas of Slauston, John Ode, John Bate,
of Iluiston; Robert of Dalby; John of Tilton.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : Johannes Noueray.
416. 1363-4, 21 Feb. [Wednesday before St Peter's
Chair, 38 Edw. III.] Iluiston. Grant and confirmation by
William of Houthort, chaplain, to John Marchal of Iluiston,
of five acres of land and the moiety of half a rood in the fields
of Iluiston, and pasture for one ox in the said fields, viz. half
an acre upon Weyrldyc, next the land of Alice of Galby; a
rood upon Watyrforouys, next the land of Richard of
Billisdon; half a rood upon Holdholt, next the land of John
Beroge; half a rood en le Mersecroft, with the meadow, next
the land of Nicholas Koffyn; half an acre upon Forwordheyl,
next the land of John Burgeys; a rood under le Byry, with
the meadow, next the land of John son of Peter; half a rood
upon le Scortebrod, with the meadow, next the land of
Richard of Billisdon; half a rood upon Yomannyshofstede,
next the land of William Gylle; a rood 'attestonyscyrche,*
with the meadow, next the land of Nicholas Choffyn; a rood
'betuynzegatis,' next the land of John son of Peter; a rood
upon Gorebroyd, next the land of Richard Phylip; half a
rood upon Bygtoryn, next the land of William of Billisdon;
half an acre upon Bygthoryn, with the meadow, next the land
of John of Tylton; half a rood upon Albypoyl, next the land of
William Gille; half a rood into Capoltonmere, next the land
of John of Tilton; half a rood in Mothoryn, next the land of
Adam Herfrey; a rood upon Foxwellys, with the meadow,
next the land of Richard of Billisdon; a rood upon Lamputis,
next the land of William Feyllep; half an acre upon Holdedam,
with the meadow, next the land of William Alybone;
266 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
half a rood under Stony my ddilyl, with the meadow, next the
land of lohn Dorcetur; a rood upon Barlilondys, with the
meadow, next the land of William Gille To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Thomas of Slauston; John son of Peter of
Iluiston, John at the Church, Richard Filip, Robert of Dalby,
John of Tilton, Thomas Beuerege, Robert Aleyn.
Seal.
417. 1365, 25 March [Tuesday, Annunciation B.V.M., 39
Edu). III. 1 Iluiston. Grant and confirmation by William
Negle of Iluiston to John Marchal of the same, of a messuage
in the town of Iluiston, situate between (sic) the messuage of
the said John on one side, and next the high way called
Nulane on the other. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: John Nubi, John Ode, Thomas Slauston,
John Bate, Robert Dalbi, John son of Peter, Richard Fylip.
Seal.
Endorsed : Willelmus Negyl.
418. 1374, 15 Oct. [Sunday after St Denis, 48 Edu). III.]
llueston. Grant and confirmation by John son of Peter of
llueston to Maye Marchal of the same, of half an acre of
arable land with the holm in the fields of llueston the which
half acre lies upon Wynydale next the land of John Nuby.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Thomas Slauston, John Bate, John Dorset,
Robert Dalby.
Seal gone.
Endorsed: Johannes Noueray. In later hand: 1st. cart.
Maye Marschall.
419. 1378-9, 16 March [Wed. after St Gregory the pope,
2 Rich. II.] llueston. Grant by Richard Philip of llueston to
Joan the wife of Thomas Slauston of the same, of a rood of
meadow in Symmeshusock, next the meadow of Nicholas
Coffyn, and of half a rood of arable land under Foxwalles,
next the land of the said Nicholas, and of a rood of meadow
in Robalcsyke, next the meadow of the same Nicholas. 1 o
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
1LLSTON-ON-THE-H1LL 267
Witnesses : John Marchall, John Bate, William Mytton,
of llueston.
Seal gone.
420. 1385, 9 Sept. [Sat. after Nativity of B.V.M.,
9 Rich. II.] llueston. Grant and confirmation by John
Noueray1 of llueston to John Marchall of llueston and Amy
his wife, of six acres 3i roods of land, and the moiety of a
virgate of pasture, which the said grantor lately had of the
gift and feoffment of John Tumour, and the moiety of a rood
of land lying upon Bikethorn, next the land of the said John
Noueray. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Ode of llueston, William of Bilsdon,
William Beueregge, Robert Aleyn, John Page.
Seal.
Endorsed : 1st' cart. Johanni Noueray.
421. Same date. Quitclaim by the same John Noueray to
John Marchall of llueston, of all his right in 7d. rent issuing
from an acre of land lying upon Wronglond in the fields of
llueston, the which acre the same John Marchall holds.
Warranty.
Witnesses as above.
Seal.
Endorsed : Redditus septem den. Johannis Noueray.
422. 1385, 30 Sept. [Sat. after St Michael, 9 Rich.
II.] llueston. Indenture whereby John Noueray of
llueston undertakes, for himself, his heirs and executors, to
find at his own cost victuals and raiment for Thomas of
Slauston of llueston, Joan his wife and Maud their daughter,
for the term of their lives in survivorship, and all other
necessaries reasonably appertaining to the same grantees,
according to the requirements of their estate. If it happen,
which God forbid, that any discord should arise between the
contracting parties, so that they can come to no concord, the
said John Noueray agrees that the said Thomas and Joan in
lieu of the premises shall have and receive 30s. a year from
'John Noveray appears to be the same person as John son of Peter.
See endorsements of Nos. 415, 418.
268 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
all the lands and tenements of the same John Noueray in
Ilueston at Easter and Michaelmas by equal portions. In case
of arrears at any term in part or in whole, the said Thomas
and Joan shall have liberty to distrain. And they grant that,
after the death of one, in this case, the survivor shall receive
only 15s. for his life yearly at the feasts aforesaid. And the
said John Noueray grants that the said Thomas and Joan shall
have his dwelling-house, with free entry and exit, as had in
the house wherein they now dwell, for their whole life, without
any sort of gainsaying.
Witnesses : Richard of Foxton, parson of the church of
Carlton Curly; John Marchall, William of Billesdon, William
Beueregge, John Page.
Seal gone.
423. 1387-8, 2 Feb. [Purification of It Rich. 11.]
Ilueston. Grant and confirmation by John Noueray of Ilueston
to John Marchal of Ilueston, of six acres of arable land with
meadows, grazings and pastures, and two pastures for two
great beasts in the fields of Ilueston, viz. a rood in the field
towards Roleston into Howgate, next the land of John
Noueray; a rood, in the same stadium, next the land of John
Marchal on both sides; half an acre upon Langlond in the
same field, next the land of the same John Marchal; a rood
upon Smalelanglond, next the land of John Lamberd; a rood
and a half upon Kalwel, next the land of the same John
Lamberd; half a rood upon Greyston, next the land of the
same John Lamberd; half a rood upon Anlongbrodmerch,
next the land of John Ode; half a rood and a quarter of a
rood in a selion upon Hawerkil, next the land of John
Lamberd; a rood upon Blacmydlond, next the land of John
Noueray; half an acre upon Wynnydale, next the land of the
same John Noueray; a rood upon Wynnydale, next the land
of the same John; a rood and a half in a selion upon
Aschforlong, next the land of the same John; half a rood upon
Mydylhyl, next the land of John Marchal; a rood upon
Fulwelhyl, next the land of John Noueray; a rood into
Fulwelseke, abutting into Karltongate, next the land of the
same John Noueray; half an acre upon Forwardhyl; half a
rood upon Zomanneshorsted, next the land of the same John,
half an acre upon Wetelond, next the land of the same John
Noueray; half an acre upon Forwordhyl, next the land of the
ILLSTON-ON-THE-HILL 269
same John Noueray; a rood and a half in a selion upon
Stedfoldys, next the land of Rothwel; a rood 'vnderwytkot,'
next the land of the same John Noueray; a rood upon
Symshyl, next the land of John Noueray. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Rothwel of Ilueston, Thomas Ode of the
same, John Burgeys, John Page, John Billysdon.
Fragment of seal.
Endorsed : Johannes Noueray.
424. 1389-90, 6 Jan. [Thursday, Epiphany, 13 Rich. II.]
Ilueston. Grant and confirmation by Cristian, who was the
wife of Thomas Smyth of Ilueston, to John Ode of Carleton
Curly, of all her estate in the moiety of a messuage in the
town of Ilueston, which she has for her whole life of the gift
of the said Thomas sometime her husband. To hold of the
chief lord, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Noueray, John Bilsdon, Robert Aleyn.
Seal gone.
425. 1390, 29 Dec. [Sf Thomas the Apostle (sic)1 next
after Christmas, 14 Rich. II.] Ilueston. Grant and confirmation
by John Noueray of Ilueston to John Marchal of Ilueston,
of ten roods of arable land in the field of Ilueston in the place
called Secroftys beneath the town on W., lying between the
land of Amice of Newby and that of the said John Noueray,
viz. on N. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William Berege of Ilueston, Robert of
Rothwelle, John Page, William Negyl, Thomas Ode, John of
Billesdon.
Fragment of seal.
Endorsed : Croft; 1st' cart' Johannis Nouerey.
426. 1392-3, 23 Feb. [Sunday before St Matthias, 16
Rich. II.] Iluyston. Grant and confirmation by John, son of
Thomas Wrastelar the younger, to John Marchel of Ilueston,
of a messuage in the town of Iluiston, situate between the
tenement of John Noueray and that of John Hode of Carlton.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Clause embodying quitclaim.
Warranty.
'An evident error for St Thomas the Martyr.
270 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses: John Noueray, William Byllesdon, John
Page, Robert Negyl. William Negyl.
Seal.
Endorsed : Ista cart' Thomas Wrastelar.
427 1393 I June [Trinity, 16 Rich. II.] lluiston. Grant
and confirmation by Robert Aleyn of lluiston to John Marchel
of lluiston and William Billysdon of the same, of all his lands
and tenements in the town and fields of lluiston. 1 o hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Nouerray, William Negylle, Robert
Negylle, William Beuerech.
Seal (fragmentary).
Endorsed : 1st* Joh. Merschall.
428. 1402, 28 March [Tuesday in the octaves of Easter,
3 Hen. IV.] llueston. Grant and confirmation by John Ode
to John Marchal of llueston, of half an acre of land in llueston.
lying upon the tillage called Nethere Bygthorne, next the land
of Thomas Nouerey on one side and that of John Lawes on
the other, and of half a rood of land lying upon Anlong
Brodmerfeld, next the land of the said John Marchal on one
side and that sometime of Hugh Thaylour, with the headlands.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John atte Kyrke of llueston. William Berege,
Thomas Berege, John Wreyth. John Burgeys.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : 1st' cart. Johannis Merschal.
429. 1402, 4 April [Tuesday after the octaves of Easter,
3 Hen. IV.] llueston. Grant and confirmation by John
Cymmes and Anne his wife to John Marchal of llueston, of
half an acre of land in the fields of llueston, upon the tillage
called Yolwell, between the land of John Lawes and that
sometime of Richard Aleyn. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Thomas Noueray, John Page, John of
Byllesdon the younger, Thomas Hode, Roger Fyscher. of
llueston.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : 1st' cart. Johannis Cimus Johanni Marschall.
1LLSTON-ON-THE-H1LL 271
430. 1402, 6 August [Sunday after St Peter's Chains, 3
Hen. IV.] llueston. Grant and confirmation by John
Belleman of Wellam to John Marchel of llueston, of five roods
of arable land, viz. three roods lying together upon the tillage
called Stedfoldes between the land of Thomas Noueray on
W. and that of Emma of 1 ylton on E., and half an acre upon
Waterforues between the land of Thomas Noueray and that
of John Page. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas Noueray, John at Kyrke, John Page,
John Lamberd, John Berege, of llueston.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : Ista cart' Johannis Belman Johanni Merschall.
431. 1410 [/2 Hen. IV.], 20 Oct. Ilston. Indenture
(French) between John Marchall of Ilston and Isabel his wife
of the one party, and Nicholl Blonham, son of the said Isabel
on the other, to the effect that they are agreed that the said
John shall enfeoff by deed Nicholl of Caldecote, John Palmer
of Norton and John Loughwek of Carleton Corleue in all those
landes and tenements in Ilston, except a toft lying between
the tenement of William Beuer and that of John Page, and a
croft called Kittuscrofte, and three acres of land in the same
town, to them and their heirs for ever, on condition that they
shall re-enfeoff the said John, Isabel and Nicholl Blonham,
to them and to the heirs of the said Nicholl for ever; for the
which the said Nicholl shall give to the said John Marchall
ten marks of English money on the day that the said Nicholl
shall be married or within the year after. And the said
Nicholl shall dwell with the said John and Isabel for the term
of their lives and shall do and maintain their husbandry. And
the said John Marchall wills and grants by these presents that
all his goods and chattels whatsoever, except his berbis and
his forge, with all his instruments to the said forge appertaining,
shall be common to the said Nicholl as well as to him
and his wife, so that none of them shall have property without
the other so long as any of them is alive, until he who shall
die first shall dispose of the part which belongs to him at his
will; provided always that the said John and Isabel shall have
the governance of their household as long as it shall please
them during their lives.
Seals gone.
272 CHARTERS AND OTHER dbcUMENTS
Endorsed: Ista carta Johanni Merschal Nycolaus
Blonham.
432 1443. 13 Sept. [Friday after Nativity of B.V.M
22 Hen VI.\ Hveston. Grant and confirmation ('"dented) by
Nicholas Blonam, otherwise called Nicholas Marchel of
Foxton, to John Blonam, otherwise called John Marchel of
llveston, his son, and Alice his wife, of all the lands,
enementa. etc., of the said Nicholas in the town and fields
of llveston. To hold of the chief lords etc., to the said John
and Alice and the heirs of their bodies between them lawfully
begotten, rendering to the said Nicholas and his assigns during
his lifetime ten shillings, payable at the Purification and St
Peter's Chains by equal portions, with right of distraint for
arrears. Reversion and remainder to the said Nicholas and
his heirs. Warranty.
Witnesses: William Page, John Gest. John Dovne,
William Tomelyn, John Brewster, of llveston.
Seal.
Endorsed : 1st. carta Nycolai Blounam.
X. KIMCOTE AND WALTON.
433 N.d. Grant and confirmation by Alice, daughter o!
Hugh of Kynemund'1 the chaplain, to Robert Largus of the
same, for his service, and for ZOs^of silver »
ready money, of 3i roods of land in the fie ds of Walton
viz. half an acre upon Longeholm with the headland (capucio),
and half a rood at Cristemerehul with the headland, and
rood upon Wrongelondes extending into Northerneheywenge
the fourth to wit from the headland (forera) of Henry
clerk To hold of her, her heirs and assigns, render :g
therefor annually a rose-flower at the Nativity of St John
Baptist for all services, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Robert Kyng of Kynemundecot. William
son of Miles, Henry of Suckeboru", Roger of Ocsundon ,
Richard Francis.
Seal.
'Kimcote. 'Shuckburgh. co. Warw. 3Oxendon, co. NorthanU.
KIMCOTE AND WALTON 273
434. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Alice, daughter of
Hugh the chaplain of Kynemundec', to Robert Largus of the
same town, for his service, of half an acre of land upon Longeholm
with the headland. To hold of the said Alice, her heirs
and assigns, rendering therefor a rose flower at the Nativity
of St John Baptist for all services, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William son of Miles of Walton; Roger of
Ocsundon, Richard Freman, Henry of Suckeboru, Thomas of
Esseby, Ralph son of Reginald, Thomas of Seuesby1, Matthew
the clerk, Ralph the clerk, Robert Kyng of Kynemundecot,
Williarn Longus, Adam son of Nicholas, Adam son of
Matthew.
Seal gone.
435. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Hugh the chaplain
of Kynemundecot to Robert Largus of Kynemundecot, of half
an acre upon Longeholm with the headland". To hold as
the charter purports which the said Robert had of the gift of
Alice, daughter of the said Hugh.
Witnesses : William son of Miles, Roger of Ocsundon,
Richard Freman, Henry of Suckeboru, Thomas of Esseby,
Ralph son of Reginald, Thomas of Seuesby, Matthew the
clerk, Ralph the clerk, Robert Kyng, William Largus.
Fragment of seal.
436. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Helias Alagrene of
Kinmundecote, with the consent and assent of Alice his wife
and of his heirs, to Yves the carpenter of Walton, of three
roods of land in the fields of Walton and Kynmundecote, viz.
a rood upon Scorteestoft, lying between the land of Richard
Jerveyse and that of Robert de Labruer; another rood, lying
between the land of William le Neyir of Kymundecote and
that of Richard Jerveyse upon le Middilherwynhoue; and the
third rood lying upon Stangrount, with a headland, between
the land of Richard Jerveyse and that of William le Neyir.
To hold of the said Helias and his heirs, rendering therefor
yearly a halfpenny at Easter for all services, etc. And for
this gift and grant the said Yves has given to the said Helias
9s. 7d. in hand. Warranty.
1 Shearsby. 2See No. 434.
274 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses : Adam son of Nicholas, Robert Largus, Robert
le Kyng, of Kymmudecote, Richard Franchus, Henry Scokeborue,
of Walton; Roger of Oxindone, William the knight,
Richard the chaplain.
Seal gone.
437. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Adam son of
Nicholas of Kynemondecote to Henry Gamil of Walton, of
four acres of arable land in the fields of Walton and
Kynemondecote, lying in all places next the lands of the
parson of Kynemondecote, viz. half an acre upon Wonelond;
half an acre under Henningho with the headland (chevit); a
rood at Bodlismerebuttis with the headland; a rood upon
Smaldole; half an acre stretching to the boundary of Pulteneye;
half an acre upon Herhul with the headland; half an acre
upon Telberdemeyse; half an acre upon Leueringdelesue;
and half an acre next le Hereweie. To hold freely, etc.,
rendering therefor yearly to the said Adam and his heirs a
silver penny at the feast of St Clement for all things, customs,
recognisances, suits of courts, escheats, wards, reliefs,
services foreign and intrinsic, and secular demands. And for
this gift, grant and confirmation the said Henry has given five
marks of silver in hand to the said Adam. Warranty.
Witnesses : Ralph of Walton, clerk; Richard of Wauere1,
Robert of Oxendon, William Largus, William Frankeleyn,
Helias le Kyng, Philip of Redesdale, clerk.
Seal.
438. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Adam son of
Nicholas of Kynemundecot, clerk, to Henry Gamel of Walton
and Agnes his wife, of two selions extending to the ash-tree
(ad fraxinam) between Walton and Kynemundecot, lying
between the land of the rector of the church of Kynemundecot
and that of Adam son of Matthew; half a rood at the head
of the said rector's croft with the headland, between the land
of Ralph Aybriht and that of Adam of Wranteston; a rood
upon Longeholm with the headland, between the land of the
said Ralph and that of Adam son of Matthew. The which
lands Richard the chaplain, son of Walter Gregori, remitted
and quitclaimed to the said Adam by charter. And 3^ roods
1Churchover, co. Warw.
KIMCOTE AND WALTON 275
of land lying in all places in the fields of Walton next the land
of the said rector, viz. half an acre upon Thorplowe; half an
acre upon Middelmor extending into Thoreweye; a rood upon
Schertestoft; half a rood upon Flaxlondes. And two acres in
the fields of Walton, viz. half an acre upon Spichewellecrosforlong
above the way, next the land of Robert of Karelton;
a rood upon Longebanlondes extending into Elrestobslade,
with the headland, next the land of Henry of Suckebor'; a
rood extending beyond Steremwortheweye, next the land of
Robert of Karelton; a rood upon Wrongelondes, next the land
of Robert of Bruar'; a rood above Folewelle, next the land of
Robert of Karelton; a rood extending beyond Kyrkeweye,
next the land of Robert of Karelton; and a rood at Wodeweye
with the headland, next the land of Robert of Stretton. To
hold, etc., rendering therefor yearly to the said grantor, his
heirs and assigns, a silver penny at Easter for all services,
etc. Warranty. And for this grant, etc., the said Henry has
given to the said grantor five silver marks in hand.
Witnesses : Ralph of Walton, clerk, Richard of Wauere,
Robert of Oxendon, William Francus, Henry of Suokkeboru,
William Reynald, John of Leyre, William Largus of Kynemundecot,
Ely le Kyng.
One seal: the other gone.
439. N.d. Grant and confirmation, with quitclaim, by
Robert Gerard, clerk, of Walton, to Henry Gamil, of Walton,
of two acres of land in the fields of Walton, viz. half an acre
above Spichewelle cros, next the land of Robert of Karlton;
a rood upon Longebanelondes extending 'enherlstobslade',
with meadow, next the land of Henry of Schokeberu; a rood
extending beyond Stermwzeveye (sic), next the land of
Robert of Karlton; a rood upon Wrongelondes, next the land
of Robert Brueren'1; a rood above Folewelle, next the land
of Robert of Karrelton; a rood extending beyond Kirkeweye,
next the land of Robert of Karelton; and a rood at Levodeweye",
with meadow, next the land of Robert of Stretton3.
To hold of Adam son of Nicholas freely, etc., as in meadows,
pastures, ways, paths and all other places and liberties to the
said land appertaining, rendering therefor yearly to the said
Adam a pair of white gloves at Easter, for all secular services
'Bruerensis, i.e. de la Bruer. 2/.e. le wodeweye. 3See No. 438.
276 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
and demands to the said grantor and his heirs, or to the said
Adam his lord appertaining. And for this gift the said Henry
has given to the said Robert 40s. in hand.
Witnesses : Ralph the clerk, Richard of Wauere, William
Franchus, William the knight, William Largus of Kilmundecote,
Henry Alegrene, Richard the chaplain.
Seal.
440. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Roger of Chevzeby
of Walton to Henry Gamul of the same, of a rood of land
outside the end of the town of Walton for his service, abutting
into Littilslade between (sic) the land of Geoffrey Brun. To
hold of the said Roger and his heirs freely, etc., rendering
therefor yearly a farthing at Pentecost for all secular services
and demands, save the foreign service of the king, as much
as pertains to so much land. Warranty.
Witnesses : Ralph the clerk, Richard of Wauer, William
Fraunkeleyn, Robert Jaunuile, Gregory son of Adam, Robert
of Hocsundun, Thomas of Assceby.
Seal.
Endorsed [15 cent.] : Rogerus de Scheuesby.
440A. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Henry, son of
Elyas al Grene of Kynemundecot, to Henry Gamel of Walton,
for two silver shillings paid in hand, of two roods of land in
the fields of Walton, viz. one rood upon Stangrund between
the land of William Coleman and that of William le Blake,
and one rood in Schertestoft next the land of Walter Bille.
To hold of the said grantor, his heirs and assigns, rendering
therefore yearly a silver halfpenny at Easter for all secular
services. Warranty.
Witnesses : Richard of Wauere, Ralph the clerk, William
Frankeleyen, Robert of Schanketon, Robert of Oxendon,
William Reynold, William Largus.
Seal.
441. N.d. Covenant, indented, between Lawrence, son
of Robert of Brantynethorp1, of the one part, and Richard
Smert and Margery his wife, of the other, whereby the said
'Bruntingthorpe.
K1MCOTE AND WALTON 2 77
Lawrence granted to the said Richard and Margery, for the
term of their life in survivorship, a rood of land with the
headland (cheuesc') adjoining, which lies upon Stanground in
the fields of Walton by Kilmimudecote (sic), between the land
of Hugh Pidele and that of Roger Kyng; the which the said
Lawrence had of the gift and feoffment of the said Richard
and Margery. To hold, etc., for their whole life in survivorship,
doing therefor to the said Lawrence, his heirs or assigns
yearly a rose flower at the feast of St John Baptist for all
secular service, with remainder to the said Lawrence, his heirs
and assigns.
Witnesses : William of Mousele, Thomas of Brantyngthorp,
William of Leyra; Gregory Adam, Richard of Oxend',
Richard Mile, of Walton.
Seal gone.
Endorsed in late hand : Lawrens Brantyngthorpe ro. terr*.
442. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Richard Smert of
Walton and Margery his wife to Lawrence of Brantingesthorp
and Thomas, son of Hugh Muche, and their heirs, of four
acres and two roods of land with meadows, etc., in Walton
by Kynemundecote, viz. half an acre of land lying at
Twifweye, next the land of Richard of Tilton; half an acre
under Hezhul, next the land of Richard of Wikingeston; half
an acre into Brodeslade, next the land of William Colman;
a rood in Langetas, next the land of Hugh le Clerk; a rood
of land under Ganlouwa, next the land of William Colman;
half an acre at Water fur wes, next the land of Robert
Oxindon; half an acre upon Twyseldeweye, next the land of
Robert Jaunuill; a rood upon Rylandes, next the land of
Robert Wareyn; half an acre in Wytewold, next the land of
Robert Wareyn; a rood in Saltergateweye, next the land of
Robert Jaunuill; a rood under Ganlouwe, next the land of
Robert Jaunuill; a rood in le Oldemilneholm next the land
of Robert Jaunuill. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert of Brantingesthorp, Thomas Martyn
of Ernesby, John his son, Thomas brother of the same John,
Hugh brother of the same Thomas, Geoffrey Launcelot of
Sheuesby, Nicholas of Redesdale, John Sperwe.
Seals gone.
278 CHARTERS AND OJHER DOCUMENTS
443. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Richard Smert of
Walton by Kilmundecote and Margery his wife to Lawrence,
son of Roger (sic) of Brantyngthorp, of a rood of land with the
headland adjoining in the fields of Walton by Kilmundecote.
which the said grantors had of the gift and feoffment of John
son of Ives of Walton1, and which lie upon Stanground,
between the land of Hugh Pidele and that of Roger Kyng.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William of Mousele, Thomas son of Robert of
Brantyngthorp, William of Leyra of Kilmundecote; Gregory
Adam, Richard Mile, Hugh the clerk, Richard Oxendon,
Thomas of Esseby, of Walton.
Seals gone.
444. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Juliane Warde,
daughter of Hugh Sparue of Walton, to Robert, son of Roger
of Ocsundon, of a rood of land under the court of the said
Robert next the land of Adam son of Nicholas, extending to
the water. To hold of the said Robert and his heirs to the
said Juliane, her heirs and assigns whomsoever and whensoever
she will, freely, quit, peacefully and entirely, rendering
therefor yearly an iron bow [j. acrum (sic) /err ] at Easter
for all services, etc. Warranty. The said Robert has given
to the said Juliane four shillings silver in hand.
Witnesses: Richard Francus, Henry of Suckeboru,
Henry the clerk, Thomas of Suesby, Thomas of Esseby,
William son of Miles, Adam son of Matthew, Robert of
Karelton, Ralph the clerk, Robert Gerard, clerk, Adam son
of Nicholas of Kynemundecot, Robert Kyng.
Seal.
445. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Juliana le Warde
of Walton by Kynemundecotes to Ralph her son, of a part
of her house containing 31 feet in length by 29 feet in breadth,
and a chamber extending to the king s way, with a portion of
her court containing 30 feet in length and 26 feet in breadth,
as the bounds and metes are fixed, with free entry and exit
for her carts and beasts, and all manner of easement as far as
the king's way. To hold of the chief lords, etc. V/arranty.
iCf. No. 436.
KIMCOTE AND WALTON 279
Witnesses: Richard of Wauer in Walton, William
Fraunkelyn, Robert Jaunuil, Gregory Adam, Richard Milis.
Seal gone.
446. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Sockeberue
of Walton to Robert Gamul of Walton, for five shillings
silver which the said Robert has given in hand, of half a rood
of land which lies upon Euallzellzelleleys (sic) next the land
of William Kync. To hold, etc., for ever, doing therefore to
the chief lord, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Ralph Colton, Richard of Wauere, William
Fraunkeleyn, Robert Jaunuile, Thomas of Esseby.
Seal.
447. 1314-5, 5 Jan. [Sunday, eve o f Epiphany, 8 Edw. II.]
Walton by Kynemundecot. Grant and quitclaim by Robert
Brown of Walton to William Orpede of all his right in half
an acre of land upon Petelynges lowe next the land of Robert
of Oxendon, which the said William had of the demise of
Hugh his brother, and the said Hugh had of the demise of
Geoffrey, father of the said Robert Brown.
Witnesses: Richard of Wauere of Walton, Robert
Jambeuile, William Fraunkeleyn, Gregory Adam, Hugh the
clerk, Richard Myle.
Seal gone.
448. 1318, 9 April [Sunday before Palm Sunday, 11 Edw.
II.] Walton. Indenture of grant and confirmation by Thomas,
son of Robert of Brantingthorp, to Robert, son of Robert le
Large of Kynemundecotes, for his whole life, of 17 roods of
arable land in the fields of Walton and Kynemundecotes; of
which half an acre lies between Banlowe and Saltergate,
next the land of the rector of the church of Kynemundecotes;
a rood under Riggeweye, next the land of William Schulkeberwe;
a rood under Riggeweye, next the land of William
Jaunuill; a rood into Erstubslade, next the land of William
Schulkeberwe; a rood into Maywordeshom, next the land of
William Schulkeberwe; a rood upon Smaldole, next the land
of Richard of Wykington; a rood upon Faruil, next the land
of Hugh le Kyng; half an acre into Mortounmere next the
land which William en le Wro holds; a rood through the
280 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
middle (per medium) of Chircheweye, next the land of
William Schulkeberwe; a rood under Hernou, next the land
of William Schulkeberwe; a rood under Ryelond, next the
land of William Schulkeberwe; a rood upon Kynstoneswell,
next the land of Robert Maweston; a rood upon Matforlonges,
next the land of William Jaunuill; and two roods 'ale langedich\
next the land of William Schulkeberwe. To hold to
the said Robert, his heirs or assigns, for his whole life,
rendering therefor yearly to the said Thomas, his heirs or
assigns, three silver shillings at three terms, viz. 12d. at
Michaelmas, 12d. at the Purification, and 12d. at Pentecost,
for all secular services, etc. Warranty. Reversion after the
death of the said Robert to the said Thomas and his heirs.
Witnesses : Robert Jaunuill of Walton, William Fraunkelein,
William Jaunuill, Richard Fraunkeleyn, Gregory Adam,
Richard Mile, Hugh le Kyng of Kynemundecotes, Henry le
Large.
Seal gone.
449. 1320-21, 22 Feb. [St. Peter's Chair, 14 Edw. II.]
Walton by Kyn'. Grant and confirmation by Richard of
Soucberew, jun. of Walton by Kynemundecote to Robert le
Large of Kynemundecote and Alice his wife, of half an acre
of land with the headland (cheuett') lying under Kyn', between
le Southecroft and the plot of Robert le Hay ward, and
extending in length from the lady's buttys to le Oldedam, for
the whole life of the said Robert and Alice in survivorship.
To hold of the said Richard, his heirs and assigns. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Januile of Walton, Robert Januile,
Richard Fraunkeleyn, Gregory Adam, Richard Reynold,
Henry le Large of Kyn', Hugh the clerk.
Seal gone.
430. 1321, 13 Sept. [Sunday before the Exaltation of the
Cross, 15 Edw. II.] Walton by Kynemundecote. Grant and
confirmation by Robert Gamel of Walton to Robert, son of
Robert le Large of Kynemundecote, of 9 acres and a rood
of land in the fields of Kynemundecote and Walton. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Januyle of Walton, Richard Frankeleyn,
Gregory Adam, Richard Myle, Richard Oxondon.
Fragment of seal.
K1MCOTE AND WALTON 281
451. 1325, 3 May [Invention of the Holy Cross, 18 Edw.
II.) Walton. Grant and confirmation by Robert son of Robert
of Malueston of Parua Petling to Alice who was the wife of
Robert of Oxundon of Walton and Robert her son, of the
moiety of his messuage in Walton by Kynemundecotes, as
the metes and bounds are fixed, viz. that moiety which lies
next the messuage of Thomas of Esseby on one side. To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert Jaunuill, William Jaunuill, Richard
Fraunkeleyn, Richard of Oxundon, Gregory Adam, Thomas
of Esseby.
Seal gone.
452. 1326, 15 June [Sunday after St Barnabas, 19 Edw. II.]
Walton. Grant and confirmation by Richard le Bakester of
Walton to Ralph le Warde1 of Walton, of half an acre of
land in the fields of Walton and Kynemundecotes, viz. that
which lies upon Pessel next the land of Hugh of Pydele. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Robert Jaunuill, William Jaunuill, Richard
Fraunkeleyn, Robert Wareyn, Robert of Oxundon, William
of Schokeberwe.
Seal.
453. 1335, 5 June [Monday in Whitsun week, $ Edw. III.]
Walton by Kimundecote. Indenture of grant and demise by
Lawrence of Brantingthorp to Richard, son of Robert Mayster
of Walton by Kynemundecote, of an acre and a rood of arable
land in Walton and Kynemundecote, which the said Lawrence
had after the death of Margery, sometime the wife of Richard
Smert; whereof half an acre lies under Hyhil with the headland
adjoining, next the land of Richard of Wykingeston;
half an acre under Middilhaddone called the headland
(forera), upon which Watirforousfurlong abuts, next the land
of Robert of Oxindon; a rood upon Langetas, except the
parcel of the said rood which Robert of Oxindon holds, as
it is divided by bounds. Also of the remainder to the said
Richard for his whole life of a rood which Richard Smert
holds of the said Lawrence for the term of his life upon
Stanground, the reversion whereof should come after the
lSee No. 445.
282 CHARTERS AND OJHER DOCUMENTS
death of the said Richard Smert to the said Lawrence. To
hold to the said Richard Mayster for his whole life, rendering
therefor yearly to the said Lawrence, his heirs and assigns,
sixpence, viz. twopence at Michaelmas, twopence at the
Purification, and twopence at Pentecost. Warranty.
Witnesses: William Jaunuill, Richard of Oxindon, of
Walton; Robert of Oxindon, Adam Gregorii, Stephen the
clerk.
Seal gone.
453A. Counterpart of same.
Seal gone.
454. 1338-9, 2 Jan. [Sunday after the Circumcision, 12 Edw.
III.] Kynemundecote. Grant and confirmation by Robert le
Large of Kynemundecote to sir William Helys, chaplain, of
Walton, and to John his (the said Robert's) son, of a dole of
a virgate of land and three roods of arable land in the fields
of Walton and Kynemundecote, viz. the dole lying in le Wold
at le Puttisdale, next the dole which Adam of Coton holds
in villenage, and extending in length from le Mattefurlongeshadoue
to the boundary of Kylingworze; and half an acre of
land lies upon Riggeweye, next the land which John Alion
holds; and a rood lies at le Oldemilneholm with the headland
(cheuet') adjoining, next the land which Adam of Coton holds.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William Januull, Richard Oxundon, Robert
Oxundon, Adam Gregorii, Thomas of Brantingestorph (sic).
Seal.
Endorsed: ( I ) W i l l e l m u s E l y s
(2) Late hand. Robertus Large Dolam et
tres Rod' terre
455. 1343, 12 May [Monday after St John before the
Latin Gate, 17 Edw. III.] Walton. Release and quitclaim by
Amice, sometime the wife of William le Smyth of Kynemundecote,
to Richard Mayster of Walton by Kynmundecote
and Alice his wife, of all her right in half an acre of arable
land with a headland lying in the fields of Walton and
Kynemundecote, under Hyhul in the north field, between the
KIMCOTE AND WALTON 283
land of Alice (Ailicie) Frone and that which William Huet
holds. Warranty.
Witnesses : Richard Oxundon of Walton, Robert Oxundon,
Thomas Halyday, Richard Wyginston, Thomas Knyt.
Seal gone.
456. 1345-6, 15 March [Wed. after St Gregory the pope,
20 Edw. III.] Walton by Kynemondecote. Release and quitclaim
by Lawrence of Brantyngesthorp to Richard son of
Robert Mayster of Walton by Kynemundecote and Alice his
wife, of all his right in six roods of arable land lying in the
territory of Walton and Kynemundecot, the which the said
Richard and Alice had of the feoffment of the said Lawrence
for the term of their lives. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Jainuill, Richard Oxundon, Robert
Frankeleyn, Robert Oxundon, William Huet, of Walton.
Seal gone.
457. 1348, Monday, 29 Sept. [Michaelmas, 22 Edw. III.]
Walton iuxta Kynemundecot. Grant, release and quitclaim
by Denise (Dinisia), sometime the wife of Lawrence of
Brantingesthorp to Richard son of Robert Mayster of Walton
and Alice his wife, of all her right in an acre and a half of
arable land1 under the name of dower or any other right,
which the said Richard and Alice had of the gift and feoffment
of the said Lawrence.
Witnesses : William Januull, Robert Frankeleyn, Robert
Oxundon, William son of Ralph, William Huet, clerk, of
Walton.
458. 1359, 15 Nov. [Friday after St Martin in the winter,
33 Edw. Ill] Walton. Grant and confirmation by John le
Warde of Walton juxta Kynemoundecote to Ralph le
Peyntour of Thorpp juxta Langeton and Alice his wife, the
sister of the grantor, and to the heirs of their bodies lawfully
begotten, of a messuage with the curtilage adjoining, situate
between the messuages of John of Wynterton and Robert
Reynald in Walton, and of half an acre of arable land in
Walton, lying upon Pushull next the land of John of
'Probably the six roods of No. 456.
284 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Wynterton. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty
Reversion to the grantor and his right heirs.
Witnesses: Robert of Wauer, Robert Fraunkeleyn
Adam Gregor, John of Wyntertone, Alan Gregor, Richard
of Oxendon, Robert Reynald.
Seal gone.
///4i39\V/ i,36°l * 1 MarcH ^5"n- hefore Si GreS°ry, 35 Edw
d L Walton by Kynemundecote. Grant and confirmation by
Richard Kyng of Walton to Thomas Ster of Welton1 of 8
acres and 3 roods of arable land and half a dole of meadow
in the helds of Kynemundcote and Walton, with all their
appurtenances and rents to the said Richard appertaining
1 o ho d of the chief lords, etc., rendering therefor yearly to
Robert of Wouere 7d at two terms of the year, and to the
chapel of Clypston 6d. at two terms of the year by equal
Warranty manner of secular actions and demands.
Witnesses: Robert Wouere, Adam Gregory, Alan
Reyndd Frankeleyn, Robert Wryghte, Robert
Seal.
460. 1365-6, 1 March [Sunday after St Matthias the apostle
chosen by lot 40 Edw. III.} Walton by Kylmundecote
Grant and confirmation by Simon Sampson of Lilleburn' and
laud his wife by unanimous consent and assent, to John
Normanton of Wythybrok and Alice his wife, of all those
pastures commons, etc. in Walton by Kylmundecote, which
lands and tenements with meadows, headlands (cheuiciis)
descended to the said Maud by right of inheritance after the
vTl56j w/ °xendon her father. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Richard Jaunuyll, William Wynterton, Alan
Gregory, Ralph Dryuer, Richard Myle, of Walton.
Fragment of seal.
sWithybrook, co. ^
K1MCOTE AND WALTON 285
4 9 E d w '///f'Walton lMGnd"V Co"UC™°n St P™>-
L u CM ief neye , of tour acres of land which
he has m the fields of Walton and Kylmundkote whh
meadows, etc. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warrant"
R- bWdtnnSeS:^ Ricl\wn •,aunbwy'=. William Wynturton
Walton! W,"iam C°lman- W'"— Bayly of
5i)fdw '///I 1? AugUatlS""day, St Lawrence the martyr
50 Edw. Ill Kynemundecote. Acknowledgment bTohn
Brewer, rector of the church of Y i y J o n n
receipt from Richard Othemene of Kd™ f 'he
William Othegrene of Leyfes"er of twer*"0^ S°Uth
the said Richard and William were bound to him for the^arm
of hrs church from the feast of St Peter at Chains last past
J6al.
& WniehT'c : AcquietantiaJ°bannis Brewer Ricardo Crene
& Willelmo Grene pro firma Ecclesiae de Kymbcote.
Shluon''37r 29JUne [Eriday, St Peter and Paul, 3 Rich 11 }
virgate of ^and in'wantjmgdon medwe™lyin^g^Kf ^
Seal in part.
Endorsed in late hand : Wantingdon meadowe.
Schtuon^^'rant^nd a"e[ Mi^aelmas, 4 Rich. 11.]
aon. Grant and confirmatron by Alice Peyntour to John
^ K"W°"h- 'She,d-- »• near BtaiarW
286 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Jaunuill of Walton, of a messuage and ten acres of land with
meadows, etc., in Walton and Kynmonddencote; the which
messuage is situate between the tenement of William
Wynterton and that of Robert Reynold. To hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Ward, chaplain, John of Kyinton1, John
Bucchemore.
Seal (simple queue).
465. Same date. Scheldon. Letters of Alice Peyntour
appointing William Wynterton her attorney to deliver seisin
to John Jaunuill, of a messuage and ten acres of land, with
meadows, pastures, headlands, etc., in Walton, which the
said John has of her gift and feoffment, as appears by charter.
Seal gone (simple queue torn off).
466. 1380, 7 Oct. [Sunday before St Denis, 4 Rich. II.]
Walton. Release and quitclaim by Elen Peyntour to John
Jaunuill of Walton, of all her right and claim in a messuage
and ten acres of land, with meadows, etc., in the town and
fields of Waltun and Kynemoundkote, which the same John
has of the gift and feoffment of Alice, the said Elen's mother.
Witnesses: John Wouure, John Greggori, William
Wynterton, Richard Mile, John Asseby.
Seal (simple queue). Tie.
Endorsed [late hand] : Release Helen Poynter.
467. 1382, 24 Dec. [Christmas eve, 6 Rich. II.] Walton.
Letters of attorney of John Cokke of Lylleburne, empowering
Richard Jaunvill of Walton to deliver seisin to John Jaunuill
of a messuage and a virgate of land in the town and fields of
Walton and Kynemoundescote; the which Richard Vlakyn
holds.
Seal.
468. 1382-3, 19 March [Thursday before Easter, 6 Rich.
II.] Walton. Grant and confirmation by John Cok of Lilburne
to John Jaunuill of Walton, of a messuage, a virgate of land,
'Kineton.
KIMCOTE AND WALTON 287
and a dole and a half of meadow in Walton and Kynemoundcote.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Richard Jaunuill, John Wouere, John Gregori,
William Wynterton, Richard Mile.
Seal.
469. 1384, 30 June [Thursday before the Translation of St
Thomas the Martyr, 8 Rich. //.] Walton. Grant and confirmation
by John, son of Richard Jaunuyle of Walton by
Kylmoundecote, to William of Claybrouk and his heirs, of
the third part of a messuage and the third part of half an acre
of land in Walton; the which entire messuage, whereof the
said third part is parcel, lies next the messuage of William
Wynturton, and the said half acre, whereof, etc., lies in a
place called Pessul in the fields of Walton. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William of Wynturton, William Fraunkeleyn,
John Gregori, Richard Mile, John Coruyseyr, of Walton.
Fragment of seal.
470. 1404-5, 27 Feb. [Friday after St Matthias, 6 Hen. IV]
Walton. Grant and confirmation by William of Leyre of
Walton to John of Leyre his son, of a messuage and half an
acre of land in the town and fields of Walton by Kynnemouncote,
the which messuage lies between that of Richard
Reynell and that sometime of William Wynturton. To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Doue, John Jaunuull, William Pasmer,
Richard Reynold, Richard Wryth.
Seal.
471. 1422-3, 12 March [St Gregory the pope, I Hen. VI.]
Walton. Grant and confirmation by John, son of Robert of
Leyre, to Thomas Claybrook of Walton, of a messuage with
a curtilage and half an acre of land; the which messuage lies
next that of Thomas Wynturton, and the half acre in a place
called le Pessul in the field of Walton. To hold of the chief
lord, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Januyle, John Wouer, Thomas Sampson,
John Swetcok.
Seal.
288 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
472. 1428, 6 Sept. [Monday after S t Cuthbert the bishop,
7 Hen. VI.] Walton. Release and quitclaim by John of
Cleybroke, alias John of Leyre, son and heir of William of
Cleybroke of Walton by Kylmundecote, to Thomas of Cleybroke
of Walton, his brother, of all his right in a messuage
with curtilage and half an acre of arable land in Walton;
the which messuage lies between the tenement of Thomas
Wynterton and that of Richard Reynold. Which premises
the said John had after the decease of the said William his
father. And the said half acre lies upon Peshyll between
the land of the abbot of Leycestur and that of the abbot of
Sulby. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Jaumvyle, John Wouer, sen., John
Wouer, jun., Thomas Sampson, John Swetkoc, of Walton.
Seal gone.
473. 1431 [10 Hen. VI], 10 Nov. Walton. Delivery,
enfeoffment and confirmation by Robert Paynell of Knaptoft,
William Belgraue of Northkylyngworth1, and John Skryven of
Lutterworth to John Jaumvyle of Walton, of a messuage and
a virgate and a half of land in the fields of Walton and
Kynnemundecote, the which John Coton now holds. The
messuage lies between the tenement of the lord of Kynnemundecote
on either side. The which the said grantors lately
had among other lands and tenements of the gift and feoffment
of the same John Jaumvyle. Jo hold of the chief lords,
etc.
Witnesses: John Wouer, sen., John Wouer, jun.,
Thomas Sampson, John Doreward, bailiff of Kynnemundecote,
John Swetkoc, John lleff of Walton.
Three seals.
474. 1431 110 Hen. VI], 16 Nov. Walton. Grant and
confirmation by John Jaumvyle of Walton to William Bent
of Petlyng parua, cartwryght, and Margery his wife, of all
that messuage and land which John of Coton holds of the
said John in the town and fields of Walton and Kynnemundecote;
the which messuage lies between the tenement of the
lord of Kynnemundecote on either side, and which messuage
with a virgate and a half of land the said John Jaumvyle had
'North Kilworth.
KIMCOTE AND WALTON 289
of the gift and feoffment of John Koc of Lylleburn1. To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Wouer, sen.; John Wouer, jun.; Thomas
Samson, John Swetkoc, John lleff, Thomas Wynterton, of
Walton; John Doreward, bailiff of Kynnemundecote.
Seal.
473. 1432 [// Hen. VI], 14 Nov. Walton. Grant and
confirmation by Agnes, late the wife of Thomas Smyth of
Kylmundecote, in her pure widowhood and lawful power,
to William Bent of Petlyng parua, cartwryght, and Marjory
his wife, of half a virgate of arable land, with meadows,
grazings, pastures, etc., in the fields of Kylmundecote and
Walton; the which she had of late, with the said Thomas her
husband, of the gift and feoffment of John Barker of
Hynkeley, deceased. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : John Jaumvyle, John Wouer, sen., John
Wouever, jun., Thomas Sampson, John Swetkoc, John lleff,
of Walton; John Dorreward, bailiff of Kylmundecote.
Seal.
476. Same date. Walton. Letters of attorney of Agne3,
late the wife of Thomas Smyth of Kylmundecote, empowering
Robert Smyth of Leyre, her true and lawful son, to deliver
seisin to William Bent of Petlyng parva and Marjory his wife
of half a virgate of arable land in the fields of Kylmundecote
and Walton, according to the force, etc., of her charter made
to the said William and Marjory.
Witnesses: John Jaumvyle, John Wouer, sen., John
Wouer, jun., John Doreward of Kilmundecote, Thomas Bryon
of Leyre.
Part of seal.
477. 1432 [// Hen. VI], 20 Dec. Walton. Release and
quitclaim by William Smyth of Nathesby2, late the son of
Thomas Smyth of Kylmundecote, to William Bent of
Petlyng parua, cartwryght, and Marjory his wife, of all his
right and claim in half a virgate of land with meadows,
'See No. 468. 2Naseby, co. Northants.
290 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
etc. in the fields of Kylmundecote and Walton; which the
said William and Marjory of late had of the gift and feoffment
of Agnes, the grantor's mother, late the wife of the said
Thomas, in her pure widowhood. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Jaumvyle, John Wouer, sen., John
Wouer, jun., Thomas Sampson, John Swetkoc, John Doreward,
then bailiff of Kylmundecote, Richard Stere, of
Kylmundecote.
478. Same date. Walton. Release and quitclaim by
Robert Smyth of Leyre, late the son of Thomas Smyth of
Kylmundecote, to William Bent of Petlyng parua and
Marjory his wife, of all his right in half a virgate of arable
land with meadows, etc., in the fields of Kylmundecote and
Walton, which the said William and Marjory had of the gift
and feoffment of the said Robert's mother Agnes, late the
wife of the said Thomas, in her pure widowhood. 1 o hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Jaumvyle, John Wouer, sen., John
Wouer, jun., Thomas Sampson; John Dorerard (sic), bailiff
of Kilmundecote.
Seal.
479. 1439 [/7 Hen. VI], 8 April. Walton. Ratification
and confirmation by John Wouer, son and heir of Sudona,
the daughter and one of the heirs of John Jaumvyle of
Walton, of grant and confirmation by the said John Jaumvyle
to William Cartwryght of Parua Petlyng, of all those lands
and tenements, with meadows, etc., in the town and fields of
Walton and Kylmundecote, which John Coton of late held
of the said John Jaumvyle, to hold of the chief lords, etc.,
as in the charter of feoffment more fully is contained.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas Sampson; John Doreward, bailiff of
Kylmundecote; John Swetkoc, Thomas Wynterton, Richard
Ileff, of Walton.
Seal.
480. 1439 [/8 Hen. VI], 13 Dec. Walton. Grant and
confirmation by William Bent of Petelyng and Margery his
KIMCOTE AND WALTON 291
wife to John Bent of Petelyng parua, their son, and Agnes
his wife, of that messuage and virgate and a half of land
in Walton and Kylmundecote, which the said William and
Margery lately had of the gift and feoffment of John Jaumvyle,
late of Walton1; and also of that half virgate of land, with
meadows, etc., in Kylmundecote and Walton, which they
lately had of the gift and feoffment of Agnes, late the wife
of Thomas Smyth of Kylmundecote2. To hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Wover, sen.; John Wover, jun.,
Thomas Samson, John Swetcok, of Walton; John Durward
of Kylmundecote; Simon Harstoft of Blaby; Richard Malston
of Petelyng parua.
Two seals.
481. 1443, 26 Dec [Thursday, S t Stephen's day next after
Christmas, 22 Hen. VI.] Walton. Grant and confirmation by
John Bent of Petelyng parua to Henry Bevchaumpe, earl of
Warrwyk, Thomas Malary, kt., John Marchaunt, the said
Henry's bailiff of Kybbeworth, John Clerk and Robert Marchaunt
of the same, and William Bent and John Bent,
brothers, the sons of the said grantor, of all his lands and
tenements, etc., in the towns of Walton and Kylmundecote.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Wover, jun., John Swetcok, Thomas
Wynterton, of Walton; John Durword of Kylmundecote;
William Botoun of Smeton.
Seal.
482. 1457, 25 March. [Annunc. B.M., 35 Hen. VI.]
Kybworth. Grant and confirmation by John Clerke of
Kybworth Beuchamp and Robert Marchaunt of Carleton
Curly, to John Bente of Enderby, of all the lands and tenements,
with meadows, etc., which they lately had of the gift
and feoffment of the said John Bente in the town and fields
of Walton by Kylmyncote. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : William Manne, Robert Goode, John Gegge,
of Kybworth Beuchamp.
One seal: the other gone.
'See No. 474. 2See Nos. 475-478.
292 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
483. 1460, 25 July [[St James the apostle, 36 Hen. VI.]
Assheby magna. Grant and confirmation by John Mayster
of Assheby magna to Joan Mayster his wife, of 4^ acres of
arable land, with meadows, etc., in the towns and fields of
Walton and Kylmyncote1. To hold of the chief lord, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : John Hachett, John Barre, John Perkyn, of
Assheby magna.
Seal gone.
484. N.d. Grant and confirmation by John Bent and
Agnes his wife of Enderby to Thomas Dawkyn of Petlyng
parua, of half a virgate of arable land with meadows, etc.
in the fields of Kylmyndecote arid Walton, which the said
John lately had with the aforesaid (sic). 1 o hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses and date wanting.
Seal on simple queue. Strip for closing.
485. 1465-6, 19 Jan. [Sf Wulstan, B.C., 5 Edw. IV.]
Walton. Grant and confirmation by John Bentt of Endurby
and Agnes his wife, to Thomas Dawkyn of Petelyng parua,
of all their lands and tenements, etc., within the towns and
fields of Walton and Kylmyncote. To hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Richard Wovur, Richard Ylyff, of Walton;
John Malston of Petelyng parua.
Fragment of seal.
486. 1469, 2 April [Easier, 9 Edw. IV.] Walton. Grant
and confirmation by Thomas Claybroke of Walton by
Kylmyncote to Thomas Dawkyn of Petelyng parua, of a
messuage and half an acre of arable land in the town and
fields of Walton and Kylmyncote: the which messuage lies
between the messuage of John Wynturton and the tenement
of Richard Reynolde. To hold of the chief lord, etc.
Warranty.
'See Nos. 453, 456, 457. The property in these charters amounts to
4 acres, 3 roods.
K1MCOTE AND WALTON 293
Witnesses : Richard Wover, William Wynturton, of
Walton; William Bradgate of parua Petelyng.
Seal.
487. 1469, 28 May [Trinity, 9 Edw. IV] Walton. Release
and quitclaim by William Claybroke, alias William of Leyre,
son and heir of Thomas Claybroke of Walton by Kylmundecote,
to Thomas Davkyn of Petelyng parua, of all his right
in a messuage with the curtilage adjacent, and in half an
acre of arable land in Walton; the which messuage lies
between the tenement of John Wynturton and that of Richard
Reynolde, and the half acre lies upon Peshill, between the
land of the abbot of Leycetur and that of the abbot of
Sulby1. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Richard Wouer, William Wynturton,
William Broughton, William Bradgate, John Malston.
Seal.
488. 1470 [/0 Edw. IV.] 6 Oct. Kylmundecote. Grant
and confirmation by Thomas Ster, late of Kylmundecote, to
John Palmer of Northkyllyngworth, and Thomas Aylmer of
Kylmundecote, of a messuage and a virgate of land in the
town and fields of Kylmundecott and Walton. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Richard Wouer of Walton; William Wynturton,
bailiff there; Richard Ylyfe, John Wynturton, John
Wormlawton, of Walton.
Seal.
489. 1473, 31 May [Monday after Ascension, 13 Edw.
IV.] Kylmondecote. Grant and confirmation by John
Palmar of Northkyllyngworth and Thomas Aylmar of
Kylmondecote to Thomas Daukyn of Parua Petelyng, of a
messuage and a virgate of land, with meadows, etc., in the
towns and fields of Kylmondecote and Walton; the which
messuage lies between the rectory and the tenement sometime
of Thomas Sampson in Kylmondecote. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty.
'See Nos. 469-472.
294 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses : William Wynturton. William Broughton, of
Kylmondecote; Richard Wover, Richard Breers, Thomas
Coton, of Walton.
Two seals.
490. 1473. 3 June lOctave of Ascension, 13 Edw. IV.]
Kylmondecote. Release and quit-claim by William Belgrave
of North Kyllyngworth to Thomas Daukyn of Parua 1 etelyng.
of all his right in a messuage and a virgate of land, etc [as
previous charter]
Witnesses: Richard Tylar of Walton; Robert Coton.
Nicholas Kylonde, of Kylmondecote.
Fragment of seal.
491 1481, 13 Dec. [St Lucy, V.M.,21 Edw. IV.] Walton.
Grant and confirmation by Thomas Wyntyrton of Walton to
Thomas Daukyn of Petelyng Parua. of a messuage in Walton
by Kylmyncote. lying between the tenement o the lord de
Souche and that of the said Thomas. To hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Richard Wovar, William Reynolde. John
Wormelaughton, of Walton.
Fragment of seal.
492 1492 [9 Hen. VII]. 10 June. Indenture of grant and
confirmation' by Thomas Dawkyn to William Dawkyn, his
son. of all his lands, etc. in the towns and fields ot ^arua
Petelyng. Walton and Kilmondcote. and of all his goods
movable and immovable in the said towns and elsewhere
within the realm of England. To hold to the said W-lham.
his heirs and assigns, on condition that he shall find tor the
said Thomas convenient victual and vesture during the term
of the said Thomas* life, with right of re-entry and reseis.n
to the said Thomas in case of default
Witnesses : Robert Hornyng, rector of Parua Petelyng.
William Bradgate, Richard Mawson, of Parua Petelyng.
Seal.
492A. Counterpart of same, with seal.
K1MCOTE AND WALTON 295
493. 1521 [/2 Hen. V I I I ] , 14 April. Grant and confirmation
by William Bent of Endurby to John Dawkyn of all his
messuages, lands, etc., in the town and fields of Walton and
Kymcote. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Power of attorney to Thomas Gylham to deliver seisin.
Endorsed : W. Bent dedit Johanni Dawkyns.
Seal.
494. 1521 [12 Hen. VIII], 20 April. Release and quitclaim
by Thomas Bent of Enderby, husbondman, to John
Dawkyn of Petelyng Parua, yoman, of all his right in all
messuages, etc. [as in preceding grant.]
Seal.
Endorsed: Thomas Bent filius Willelmi Bent relaxauit
Johanni Dawkyns.
495. 1521 \13 Hen. VIII], 30 April. Grant and confirmation
by John Dawkyns of Peytlyng Parua, yoman, to William
Wigston, jun., of Leycester, merchant of the staple of the
town of Calais, master Thomas Wigston, clerk, William
Gillott, clerk, and Richard Weylche, clerk, of all his
messuages, meadows, grazings, pastures, rents, reversions
and services in the town and fields of Kyndecott and Walton.
To hold to them and to the heirs and assigns of the same
William Wigston of the chief lords, etc., for the use of the
said William. Warranty. Power of attorney to Thomas
Dawkyns to deliver seisin.
Per me Jhon Dawkyn
Seal.
Endorsed : Dawkyns dedit Willelmo Wigston
496. 1521 [/3 Hen. VIII], 20 Sept. Leycestre. Release
and quitclaim by Thomas Wigston, clerk, William Gillott,
clerk, and Richard Welche, clerk, to sir William Fyshar and
sir John Thorpe, his confrater, chaplains, and to the
twelve poor men of the hospital of William Wigston, jun., in
Leycester, of all their right, etc. in three messuages with all
the lands, etc., in the towns and fields of Kyndcote and
Walton.
296 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
per me Thomam Wygston
per me "Willm. Gillott
per me Richardum Welsch
Three seals.
Endorsed : Release of Kyndcote and Walton.
XI. LEICESTER.
497. N.d.1 Grant and confirmation by Robert, son of
William son of Amfrid, to Geoffrey of Craniford, for his
homage and service, and for 20s. which he has given in hand
to the said Robert, of 4s. rent and four hens a year from a
[plot of] land in Leicester, to wit, that land which Ralph
Pestel held of the said Robert. To hold of the said Robert
and his heirs to the said Geoffrey and his heirs, freely and
quietly and in heritage, by the service of 12d. a year for all
services appertaining to the said Robert and his heirs.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas of Estlega, steward of the earl of
Leicester; William of Seneuill, Richard son of Warin, Gumfrid
the chaplain, Philip the clerk, Jordan the clerk, William son
of llebert, William Danet, Henry Costien, Simon Curleuach,
William son of William Walker.
Seal gone.
Endorsed in late hand: Feoff. Roberti fil. Willelmi
Roberto Cranfout (sic) de terr. que fuerunt Radulpho Pestel.
498. N.d. Release and quitclaim by John of Honecote2
to John of Norton of Leycester and Maud his wife and their
heirs, of all his right in a messuage in the High street of
Leycester in the parish of St. Martin, situate between the
land which Cecily Blanchard holds and that sometime of
Adam Sharp, and also in 16s. rent issuing from the said
messuage due to the said grantor. Warranty.
Witnesses : Godfrey of Stanford, Richard son of John of
the same, Roger of Someruill of the same; William of Cotes
of Prestwold, William of Weston of Cortlingstok3, Robert
Jort of Lougtebur4, Robert Berteuill of the same.
Seal gone.
'Probably c. 1250. 2Huncote. 3Costock, co. Nott. 4Loughborough.
LEICESTER 297
Endorsed ( I ) : Q u i e t a c l a m . J o . d e H o n e c o t e . ( 2 ) R e l a x a t i o
Johannis Huncote Johanni Norton vnius messuag. & annui
reddit. in alta strata Leic.
499. N.d.1 Grant and quitclaim by Peter Blundus to
Richard, son of Richard Brodee, of a land lying in Leycester
towards the east gate, in the street called le Parcheminergate,
upon the wall of Leycester, between the land which was of
Richard Brodee, the grantor's father, and that of Richard,
son of Robert le Parcheminer, in length 47 feet, and in breadth
20 feet. To hold to the said Richard, his heirs or assigns, to
wit to whomsoever in health or sickness he will give, sell,
bequeath, or in any other wise assign the premises, freely,
etc. for ever, without gainsaying of the grantor, his heirs, and
all other earthly persons. Rendering therefor yearly to the
earl of Leycester, his heirs or their attorneys, for all worldly
service sixpence, to wit, at Michaelmas twopence, at the
Purification of B.M. twopence, and at Pentecost twopence.
Witnesses: Alexander le Bonere, mayor; Henry of
Rodington, reeve; William le Waleys, Richard of Scelton,
Henry of Lowysby, Richard of Bevirley, Walter of Barnisby,
William Parser, William of Neubolt, Henry the clerk.
Seal gone.
Endorsed in late hand : Feoffament. Petri Blunde Ricardo
Brodee de terr. in Perchimyner Gate.
500. 1272-3. Covenant (indented) between Alan, son of
Geoffrey of Kyvelingwrz and Agnes his wife, on the one party,
and Richard of Grendon on the other, whereby the said Alan
and Agnes demise and grant to the said Richard a land with
the buildings which was of Ralph Cheyle, and lies without
the south gate of Leycestre, next the land which was of Ralph
Elis on S. To hold to the said Richard, his heirs or assigns,
from the Purification of B.M. 1272[-3] until the end of the
nine years next following fully complete, rendering therefor
yearly to the said Alan and Agnes, their heirs or assigns 3s.
silver and 2d. and a hen and a half at the terms accustomed in
Leycestre for all services, etc. Warranty. The said Richard,
his heirs or assigns shall, within the said term, repair and
maintain the buildings of the said land at their own costs.
'Alexander le Bonere or le Debonair was mayor from 1270 to 1275.
The name of Henry of Rodington as 'reeve' fixes the date at c. 1270-1.
298 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
And, if the said buildings at the end of the said term shall
be in better condition than they were at the beginning, their
costs shall be allowed to the said Richard, etc., at the end
of the term, or the said land, with its buildings and appurtenances,
shall remain in their hands after the end of the
said term, until their costs be fully rendered to them or be
otherwise allowed by view of honest men.
Witnesses : Alexander le Boner, mayor; William Leffe
and Andrew of Wateberg, reeves; John Palmer, Henry Ferrey,
John Ferrey, Henry Gilbert, John of Eythorp, Henry of
Kybwrze, Henry the clerk.
Endorsed in late hand: Dimissio Alani Kyvelingwey
[sic] Ricardo Grendon terr. & edificiorum extra port, australem
Leic. pro termino novem annorum.
501. N.d.1 Grant and confirmation by Richard Brodheye,
son of Hawise Brodheye of Leycestre, to Maud le Stabeler of
Leycestre, his niece, and to Richard her son, of a messuage
with all its buildings and appurtenances, lying in the parish
of St Peter in Leycestre, between the land of Godfrey of
Lowane on N. and that which Richard . . . ode held on
S., and extending from the way which leads to the east gate
as far as the wall of the town, and containing in length, next
the town wall, 10 perches 8 feet, and in length, next the way
which leads to the east gate .... 2 feet, and in
breadth, from the way which leads to the east gate as far
as the town wall, 5 perches 1 foot; of the which perches each
contains 20 feet in length. To hold of the grantor and his
heirs to the said Maud and Richard her son, or to whomsoever
they will give, assign or bequeath the premises in sickness
or in health, freely, etc., rendering therefor yearly to the
chief lords of the fee the rents due and accustomed, to wit,
to the earl of Leycestre 12d. sterling at three terms of the
year, to wit, at Michaelmas, the Purification and Pentecost,
4d. each time, and to the abbot of [Crojilaunde 3s. sterling
at the said terms, 12d. each time, and to the said Richard
Brodheye a rose at St John Baptist, for all service, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Peter Hunfrey, mayor; Robert of Dauby,
bailiff; John of Burton, G . . of W . ., Henry of Louseby,
Peter Stanne, John le Somonur, William Baldewin.
'Peter Hunfrey, who heads the list of witnesses, was mayor in 1298-9.
LEICESTER 299
Seal gone.
Endorsed in late hand : Feoffamentum Richardi Brodey,
de vno messuag. in parochia sancti Petri Leic. factum Matilde
le Stabeler.
502. 1305, 29 Oct. [Friday, morrow of St Simon and St
Jude, 33 Edw. /.] Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Alice
Peke of Leycestre to Robert le Rydere of Leycestre and Lucy
his wife, for a sum of money which they have given her in
hand, of a rood of arable land lying in the fields of Leycestre
next the land of Nicholas le Mayster, and extending in length
from the land of the earl of Leycestre to le Bredesyk. To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Roger of Wyluhby, mayor; Hugh le Mercer,
Roger of Glen, bailiffs; Thomas Gumfrey, Nicholas of Sutton.
Ralph of Sutton, John of Knyhthtecote, John le Ridere, Walter
of Welham, Hugh le Engleys, Roger of Stowe, clerk.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Aliciae Peke fact. Roberto
de Rydere & Lucie vx. eius de j. rod. terr. arab. in campis
Leic.
503. N.d.1 Grant and confirmation by Christian, relict of
Henry le Mustarder of Leycester, to Agnes daughter of John
of Claybrock, of Leycester, of the moiety of a messuage,
with buildings and appurtenances, in the parish of St Peter,
Leycester, en le Dedelane; the which the said Christian and
Henry, sometime her husband, had of the gift and feoffment
of Simon of Ocham : that moiety, to wit, next the land of
the same Simon, and neighbouring on the land of Roger
Abraham, together with all the goods and chattels, movable
and immovable, of the said Christian which are in that moiety.
To hold of the chief lords, etc., rendering therefrom to the
said Christian yearly throughout her life 5s. of silver at the
terms accustomed in Leycester, by equal portions; with power
of distraint to the said Christian, for her life, upon any person
into whose hands the premises shall come. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Cagge, mayor; Hugh le Mercer and
Roger of Glen, bailiffs; William of the brewhouse [de
'The date is probably 1307, or 1306 at earliest.

Bradegate, William Aleyn, John of London, clerk.
Fragment of seal (yellow wax).
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Christinae relictae Henr.
le Mustarder de medietat. vnius mess. cum edific. in Deadlane
facta Agneti filie Johannis de Cleybroke.
504. 1307, 31 August [Thursday after Decollation of St
John Baptist, 1 Edw. ll.] Leycester. Grant and confirmation
by Geoffrey, son of Henry of F oxton, to Henry of Gothemundele1,
of all that rent issuing from a house which William
Gent holds for term of years of the demise of Robert Aubrey,
to wit, homage, fealty, ninepence a year, a capon and a
'wytekoc,' as in the original charter is contained. To hold
to the said Henry and his heirs freely for ever, rendering
therefor yearly to the chief lords the services due and
accustomed. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Cage, mayor of Leycester; John of
Burton, Hugh le Merceer. Roger of Gleon (sic), bailiffs;
William of Gothemundele.
Seal gone.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Galfridi fil. Henr. de
Foxton Henr. Gothmundele de Novem Denariat, Redd. vnius
Caponis & vn. Wytekoc.
505. 1307-~. 19March fTuesdayafterStGregorythepope,
I Edw. ll.] Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by Geoffrey,
son of Henry of Foxton of Leycestre, to Henry of Gothemundele
and his heirs, of all his right and claim in a messuage
and in 9d. rent and a capon and a 'wytekoc' in Leycestre,
with remission of all manner of personal actions, to wit of
debt, and of all other things, etc.
Witnesses: Lawrence le Sadeler, mayor: Roger of Gleen.
William of Welghby of Leycestre, John of W elghby, William
of Gothemundele.
Seal.
Endorsed: Relax. Galfridi filii Henrici de Foxton de Leic.
Henr. de Gothmondele vnius mess. et novem denar. redd.
in Leic.
1Gumley.
LEICESTER 301
506. 1313, 7 April [Eve of Palm Sunday, 6 Edw. II.] Beulton.
co. Warwick.' Release and quitclaim by Geoffrey, son of
Henry of Foxton, of Leycestre, to Henry of Gothemundele,
of all his right in a messuage in Leycestre, in a street called
le Cank Canek (sic), and in 9d., a capon and a woodcock,
of yearly rent issuing out of a messuage situate next the
house of the friars minor on E. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Alci, mayor; Roger of Glenn, bailiff;
Henry des Aspes, John the smith, of Beulton; Henry of
Benewyk, of Gothemundele.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Relaxat. Galfridi fil. Hen. de
Foxton Henr. Gothmundele vnius mess. & novem den. redd.
&c. en le Kank.
507. 1320 [13 Edw. ll.], 8 Dec. Leycester. Grant by
William de Gothemundle of Leycestre to Maud his daughter,
of a messuage in the parish of St Martin, Leycester, situate
between the tenement of John Alsi and that of Robert Aubrei,
and extending from the way that leads towards the Saturday
market as far as the tenement of Henry Hereward. To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Peter of Kent, mayor; Walter of Buscebi,
bailiff; John of Norton, Thomas Mikilloue, Geoffrey of
Staunton, Alexander of Boseworth, William le Coupere.
Seal gone.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Willelmi Gothmondele
Matildae filiae eius vnius tenementi in parochia sancti Martini
Leicestrie inter tenementum Johannis Alsi et Tenementum
Roberti Awbry.
508. 1322-3 [16 Edw. 1/.], 26 Feb. Leycester. Grant and
confirmation by Roger of Claybrok, of Leycester, to master
William of Okham, of Leycester, of a messuage in le Dedelane,
Leycester, situate between the tenement of the same
master William and that which Christian le Mustarder holds
for the term of her life, and extending from the said lane to
1This place-name seems to be a corrupt form. Bilton, near Rugby,
i• the most likely identification.
302 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
the metes and bounds therein set. To hold of the chief lord~,
etc., to wit, by the service of 15d. aft the
1 t
1
erms ac
1
custom~d m
L eycester, by equal portions • or a secu ar serv1ces.
Warranty.
Witnesses: William of Lindrick, mayor; John ~~sy and
Walter of Busceby, bailiffs; H_e~ry Dow~l, W1lham of
Broghton, William Holgate, W1lham Vndnwode, Henry
Sabin, Stephen the clerk.
Seal.
Endorsed (I) Dedelane; (2) in late hand: Chart~ Rogeri
Cleybroke fact. magistro W. Okham de vno mess. m Dead
lane.
509. 1324 [18 Edw. II.], 22 Oct. Leycester. Grant and confirmation
by John of Claybrok in Leycester, sen., _to master
W1"l l"1 am o f Okham• of Leycester, of a messuage· w1hth allh "t hhe
goods, movable and immovable, that are therem; t e w 1c
is situate in le Dedelane, Leycester, betw~~n the tenement
of the said master William and that of W1lham Aleyn. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Alsi, mayor; Walter of Busseby, Richard
le Clauer, bailiffs; Henry Dowel, Williai?. of Brou~hton,
William of Holgate, William Aleyn, W1lham Vndnwod,
Stephen the clerk.
Seal.
Endorsed : (I) Dedlan; (2) in late hand : Charta Johann_is
Cleybroke sen. facta magistro W. Okham de vno mess. m
Deadlane in villa Leic.
510. 1327-8, 18 Feb. [Thursday after St Vale~t.ine, i Edw.
III.] Leycester. Grant and confirmation by W1lham, son ~f
Roger le Goldsmyth .of Leyces~er, chapla_in, to Ellen his
sister, of a plot of land lying m the pansh of St. Peter,
Leycester between the land sometime of Roger of Wilughby
and that ~f Henry Dowel. To hold to the said Ellen and
heirs by the services therefrom due and accustomed.
Warranty.
Witnesses : john Alcy, mayor; Robert the clerk, bailiff;
William of Broghton, Richard of Craunford, Reynold Pestel.
Seal gone.
LEICESTER 303
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Willeimi filii Rogeri de
Goldsmyth capel. fact. Elene sorori sue in venella sancti
Petri.
511. 1328, 3 April [Easte r, 2 Edw. Ill.] Leicester. Indenture
of demise by Elen le Orfeuere of Leicester to Robert
Pyk of the same, of a croft in the parish of St Peter, Leicester,
lying between the land of Henry Dowel and that of master
William of Okham, for the term of twelve years without any
service. Warranty.
Witnesses : William of Broghton, Henry Dowel, master
William of Okham, William of Wrelton, John of Broghton,
William Vndirwod, Stephen the clerk.
Seal gone.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Dimissionis pro 6 (sic)
Annis per Elenam Orfeuere Roberto Pykes.
511 A. Counterpart of the same.
Endorsed in late hand : Dimiss. Elene Orfeuere fact.
Roberto de Pyk de vno mess. pro duodec. annis Deadlane.
512. 1330 [4 Edw. Ill . ]. 31 March. Leicester. Grant and
confirmation by Adam le Barker of Leicester to William
Gentil of Leicester and Emma of Holm his wife, the grantor's
sister, of a messuage in Sorelane , Leicester, situate between
the said Adam's ca pital messuage and the tenement of Henry
of Barkeby. To hold to William and Emma, and the heirs
between the same procreate, of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Reversion to the grantor and his right heirs.
Witnesses : Robert of Stretton, mayor; William of Cloun,
bailiff; Richard of Walcot, Richard of Anlep, William Tulle,
Stephen the clerk.
Part of seal (white wax).
Endorsed : (I) Sorelane; (2) in late hand : Charta Adami
Baker (sic) facta Willelmo Gentyl et Emme sorori predicti
Adami vnius tenementi in sorelane.
513. 1331, 29 Sept. [Michaelmas, 5 Edw. III.] Leicester.
Grant and confirmation by Maud, daughter of William of
Gothomundele, to Thomas of Thornton, of Leicester, of a
messuage in le Cank, Leicester, situate between the tenements
304 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
of john Alsy and john Leuerich , and extendin~ from the king' s
way to the tenement of Henry Hereward . To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
W1. tnesses : Henry Merlin • mayor; William · of ClSo una,
bailiff; Thomas Mikilloue, john of Scharneford, S1mon won.
Seal gone.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta MatildaLe _Go~hmondele
T ho de Thornton vnius mess. in le Kank etc. mter tenemen~
a j ohannis Alsy & johannis Leverech, et extend. a Vla
regia vsque ad tenementum Henr. Herewarde.
51 4. 1331, I Nov. [All Saints, 5 Edw . lll.] Le~cester.
Grant and confirmation by Thomas of Th?rnton, of Letcester,
to Nicholas Wade of Ripoun, of Letcester, . and Maud,
daughter of William of Gothem'!nd_ele, of Letcester , of a
messuage m· the parish of St Martm ' m le CankL, betw· ehe n thde
tenement o f John Alsy and that of John euenfc H, an
extending from the said street to the tenement o enry
Hereward. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Henry Merlyn, mayor; William of Clouna,
bailiff; john Alsy, Thomas Mikilloue, John of Scharnford,
Richard of Stokes, Stephen the clerk.
Seal gone.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Tho. Thorr~ton Nicholao
Wade et Matildae fil. W . de Gothmundele vmus ten. en le
Cank.
115 1336 23 April [Tuesday, St George the martyr, 10
I::dw .. lll] Le,ycester. Grant and confirmation by Rob~rt ~yk
of Leycestre to Nicholas le Cu of Leycester and_E~l~n ht~ w1fe,
of a messuage with the garden and croft adJommg, m the
parish of St Peter, Leycester, in the lane called le Dedelane,
lying in breadth between the holdings of Henry D_owel and
William of Ocham, sen., and in length from the satd lane to
.StPeter's lane•. To hold to the sai? Nicholas and Ellen, and
to the heirs of Nicholas, of the chtef lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Leuerych, mayor; William of Cloune,
b ailiff, Henry Dowell, William of Wrelton, Reynald Pestel.
john of Broughton, Adam the clerk.
lSee No. 507. 2See Nos. 5 I 0, 511.
LEICESTER 305
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Roberti Pyk facta Nicholao
Ie Cu de vno mess. cum gard. et crofto adiacen. in Deadlane.
51 6. Same date. Leycester. Indenture of covenant
between Nicholas le Cu of Leycester and Ellen his wife on the
one part, and Robert Pyk of Leycester on the other, to the
effect that, whereas the said Robert by his charter of feoffment
has enfeoffed the said Nicholas and Ellen of a messuage
with the garden and croft adjoining, in the parish of St Peter,
Leycester, in the lane called le Dedelane, as in the said charter
is more fully contained, the said Nicholas and Ellen will and
grant, for them, their heirs and executors, that, if the said
Robert, his heirs, executors, or any one in their name, pay
to the said Nicholas and Ellen or one of them, their heirs,
executors or their sure attorney, at Leycester, at the end of
six years fully complete from the date of these presents, or
within the same six years, 8 marks, 5s. 4d. silver, then the
said Robert ~nd his heirs may enter and retain the premises,
notwithstandmg the said charter with seisin, which shall then
be null and void. In default of payment at the end of or
within the said term, the said Nicholas and Ellen, and the
heirs of Nicholas, shall have and hold the premises without
gainsaying of the said Robert and his heirs for ever.
Witnesses: John Leuerych, mayor; William of Cloune,
bailiff; Henry Dowel, Reynald Pestul, John of T okeby1 ,
William Aldych , Adam the clerk.
Endorsed in late hand : Indent. deferant. inter Robert Pyk
et Nicholaum le Cu et Elenam vxor. eius de vno mess. gard.
et crofto in Deadlane.
517. 1336, 6 Aug. [Tuesday after St Peter's Chains, /0
Edw. Ill.] Knygton. Grant and confirmation by john Wynger
of Knygton to Hugh of Knygton of Leycester, of half an acre
of arable land in the fields of Knygton, to wit, · ateholthe',
extending to Sondwellesike, between the land of Jurdan of
Garthorp on one side and the land of William of Wyluby on
~e ot~er, with all its appurtenances. To have, etc., of John,
his ~e1rs and assigns, to Hugh, his heirs and assigns, by the
servtces due and accustomed.
1Tugby.
306 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses: jurdan of Garthorp, John of Wyluby, John
Crispyn, Richard Wisdam, Roger of Evinton.
Seal : dark yellow wax; a shield.
Endorsed in late hand: feoffament' Johis Wynger Hugom
Knyghton de Di. acre (sic) terre in Knyghton.
518. 1339, 29 May [Sat. after Trinity, 13 Edw fJIIj.]hStanford.
Release and quitclaim by john, son o o n of
Huncote of Leycestre to Robert Whitgloue and Maud his
sister, and to the heirs of the said Robert, of all his right .in
a messuage in Leycestre, lymg next the messuage of Cecily
Blaunchard'. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Hauberk, William of Ayleston,
William of Normanton, Hugh of Someruill, Lawrence of
Merdele.
Small piece of seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Relaxatio Johannis Huncote
Roberto Whytglove & Matildae sorori eius de mess. iuxta
mess. Ceciliae Blanchard in Leic.
519. Same date. Stanford super Sore, co. Nottingham.
Release and quitclaim by Thomas, son of John of Huncote
of Leycestre, to Robert Wytglove and M~ud his ~ister. of all
his right in a messuage in Leycestre [ descnbed as m the last.]
Warranty.
Witnesses: William Hauberk, William of Stanford, Hugh
of Someruill, John son of Godfrey, of Stanford; Roger le
Wrighte, John of Remston, John of Leyk.
Fragment of seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Relaxat. Tho : Huncote Roberto
Wytglove & Matildae sorori suae de mess. iuxta Ciciliam
Blanchard Leic.
520. 1342-3, 3 Feb. [Monday after the Purificat~on o/
B. V.M., 17 Edw. JII.] Leycester. Grant and confirmation by
John Brid of Leycestre to William, son of William o~ Sutto~ ,
of Leycester, and Lettice his wife, of a messuage Situate m
the lane which is called Kephouenelane, between the tenement
of William Gentyle and that of Henry of Brackele, and
•Cf. No. 498.
LEICESTER 307
extending from the said lane to the tenement of William of
Cloune. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses: Geoffrey of Kent, mayor; William of Cloune,
bailiff; William le Goldsmyth, William le Tumour, John le
Peyntour, Thomas Rodecok, Adam the clerk.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta ]ohannis Bryde de vno
mess. in venel. vocat. Kephouenelane facta W. Sutton.
521. 1346, 20 April [Thursday in Easter week, 20 Edw. ll/]
Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Nicholas Wade of
Ripoun, of Leicestre, to William Lauaunder of Leicestre
chaplain, of a messuage in Leycestre in the parish of StMartin:
in le Cank, between the tenement of John F oluill and that of
Henry Blak, and extending from the said street del Cank to
the tenement of Robert of Wylughby. To hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Richard Leuerich, mayor; Gilbert Lauener
bailiff; John Martin. Richard Norman, John Brid, ]oh~
Damemme, Henry Blak, Thomas of Beby, John of Louseby.
Seal gone.
E~dors~d in late hand : Charta Nicholai Wade de Ripoun
de Letc. Wtllelmo Lavaunder capell. vnius mess. in parochia
sancti Mart. en le Kank int. ten. ]ohannis F olvyll & Hem.
Blake .
522. 1348, 24 Dec. [Wed., Chri~Jtmas eve, 22 Edw. l/J.]
Leycester. Grant and confirmation by William son of
W~lliam of Sutton, of Leycestre, to Richard le w;ngere of
Letcestre, draper, of a messuage situate in the lane which
is called Kephouenelane, between the tenement of William
Gentyle and that of Henry of Brackeleye, and extending from
the said land to the land of the abbot of Oselueston'. T 0
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
. . Witn~ses: John Hayward, mayor; Gilbert Lauener,
b~liff; Rtchard Norman, John Bryd, John of Pykeryng,
Ntcholas rereman, William Gentyle.
Seal.
•See No.
308 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Endorsed in late hand : Charta W . Sutton fil. Willelmi
Sutton de vno mess. in Kephouenelane fact. Ricardo de
\Vyngere.
523. 1348-9, 23 March [Monday be/ore the Annunciation
23 Edward Jll.} Leycestre. Grant and confirmation b;
William of Okam, of Leycestre, sen., to Isabel his daughter,
of his capital messuage in Leycestre, situate in Dedelane,
between his own tenement on either side, and extending in
length from the Dedelane to a gate there. To hold to the
said Isabel and the heirs of her body lawfully b egotten , rendering
therefor yearly to the said William or his heirs 6d.
at the terms of rent accustomed in Leycestre, by equal
portions, and doing to the chief lords, etc. Reversion , if
Isabel die without lawful heirs, to the said William and his
heirs.
Witnesses : john Hayward, mayor; Gilbert le Auener,
bailiff; William Hendeman, William of Groby, William
Russel.
Seal (yellow wax).
Endorsed: (I) Dedelane; (2) in late hand : Charta W. de
Okham sen de capitali mess. in Deadlane fact. Isabelle filie
sue.
524. Same date Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by
William of Okam. of Leicestre, sen., to Maud his daughter ,
of two cottages ;n Leycestre. situate in le Dedelane between
the messuage of Nicholas le Cok and the tenement of the
said William, and extending in length from le Dede lane to
a hedge there. To hold to the said Maud and the heirs of
het body lawfully begotten, rendering therefor yearly to
the said William or his heirs 6d. silver, and doing for him
and his heirs to the chief lords, etc. Reversion, if l\1aud
die without lawful heirs. to the said William and his heirs.
Warranty.
Witnesses : john Hayward, mayor; Gilbert le Auener,
bailiff; William Hendeman, Roger Mahew, William of Groby.
Seal (yellow wax).
Endorsed: (I} Dedelane; (2) in late hand: Charta W.
Okham de duobos cotag. in Deadlane facta Matilde fil. sue.
LEICESTER 309
525. 1349. 29 April [Wed it St M
Leycester. Grant and confir~:ti:~ [. d ark,d 2] ObEdw .. 1.1/.]
of Guthmounde le f L m ente Y Wtlham
Sendale, of North~r: of ~:::::r, chaplain, . to William of
StMartin, Leycestre •in le Cank uageh~~~uj~e m the parish of
between the teneme~t of the sa~ H tc edryh Blake holds,
Aubrey, and extending from th~ t e~ry an t at of Robert
of Walter Sclatere. To hold of ;hree h~0/fe land sometime
said \Villiam of Sen dale and the h:i~s ~~f :rds, etc. • to the
prl create. Remainder to Waite M'l ds )body lawfully
wardens of the church of St N'r h It e an ohn T ebaud,
maintenance of divine celebration.~£ ilia:, IL~ycestr~, _for the
in the church aforesaid for ev f g onous ~trgm Mary
grantor. s soul and those of all h ~r • or the salvation of the
departed. To hold of the ch' f ls ~arents and all the faithful
and John and their success te ~r s, etc. • to the said Walter
said William of Sendale and otors thoer sae1~d erw. arWdeanrsr.a nty to the
Witnesses : John Hayward .
bailiff: Geoffrey of Kent H · BjYkr: JGtlbert Lauener.
john of Louseby sen Thomenrly F a he, ohn Damemme,
' ·· as e yss ere.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand . Ch w·n
Willelmo Sen dale scit. in a~och art~ . I e~~i. Guthmondele
tenement. Henr. Blake & !Jn ( · .~~A brt•m. m le Cank int.
generali. Rem. cust. eccles~~e s:livi N' rheylt~ fe~do talliat.
petuum. tc 0 at Letc. imper-
526. Same date L t G
W
'll' f G h . eyces er. rant and conftr b' b
1 tam o ut mou d 1 f L rna on y
of Sendale, of North:r; e~ta lyceftlr, chal:'lai~, to William
of St Martin, Leycester •in D p t o bnd lymg m the parish
time of Robert of Wyi hb ony deh etween the land someand
extending from thuegs rd aln t at ohf Gleoffrey of Kent,
C ffr at ane to t e and f h 'd
eo ey. To hold of the c h.t ef Io rd s, etc. Warroa ntty e sat
Witnesses : John Ha ard . ·
bailiff; Henry Blake Th yw f B bmayor; Gtlbert Lauener •
of Louseby sen Th omals oF ehy, John Damemme, John
' ·' om as e yss ere.
St-al.
Endorsed in late hand . Charta w·n I .
Leic. capellanus Wille! mo. S end a Ie dl e e vmnta G poltahcmeua ntdeerlre. dine
310 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
paroch. sancti Martini Leic. in Dony Lane int. terr. quondam
Roberti Wylloughbye & Galfridi de Kent.
527. 135 1, 21 june [Tuesday after St Botolph, 25 Edw. Ill .]
Leycester. Release and quitclaim by William of Sendale, of
Northorp, to john of Louseby, of Leycestre, sen., of all his
right in a tenement in le Canke which Roger Stoyle holds,
next the tenement sometime of John of Sch arneford, and in
a plot of land which Geoffrey of Kent holds in le Canke, lying
between the land of St Mary, of the church of St Martin, on
one side, and that of the said Geoffrey on the other; and also
in all the lands and tenements which may fall to the said
grantor in Leycester and in its suburbs.
Witnesses : Geoffrey of Kent, mayor; Gilbert Lauener,
bailiff; William of Kent, Thomas of Beby, John Damemme,
Robert le Coupere, William of Cotes.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Relaxat. Willelmi Sendale Johanni
Lowesbye senior. vnius ten. in le Cank int. terr. quam
Galfridus de Kent tenet & ten. sanctae Mariae ecclesiae sancti
Martini.
528. 1351, 31 july [Sunday after St fames the apostle, 25
Edw. Til.] Grant and confirmation by Ellen, sometime the wife
of Nicholas le Cu of Leycestre, to William of Groby. of Leycestre,
flesshewere', of a plot of land lying in le Dedelane
between the tenement of master john of Elmeshale and that
sometime of Ocham (sic), and extending from the said lane
to St. Peter's lane. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Geoffrey of Kent, mayor; Gilbert Lauener,
bailiff; William le Goldsmyth, William of Wrelleton, Nicholas
Hendeman, Roger May ow, Thomas May ow.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Elene quondam vxor.
Nicholai de Cu fact. de vna placea terr. cum pertin. iacen. in
Deadlane
529. 1351. I Aug. (Monday, St Peter's Chains, 25 Edw.
III .] Leycester. Indented deed of William 0f Groby of
Leycestre, flesschewer , granting that, if he, his heirs or assigns
•I.e. butcher.
LEICESTER 311
hold in pea~e the plot of land, whereof he has been
enfeoffed: as m the preceding charter, by Ellen who was the
wife of Ntcholas le Cu of Leycestre, until the end of 14 years
fully complete from the feast of St Michael the Archangel
next afte~ the date of this indenture, without plea or hindrance
of the satd Ellen or her heirs, rendering therefor yearly to the
said ~llen or her heirs a rose at Midsummer, and doing
rservtce] therefor, for the said Ellen and her heirs to wit
to the chief lord ninepence silver a year, at the usual 'terms i~
Leycestre, by equal portions : then the said charter shall be
null and void. But if not, it shall hold good.
Witnesses: Geoffrey of Kent, mayor; Gilbert Lauener
bailiff; William le Goldsmyth, William of Wrelleton, Nichola~
Hendeman, Roger Mayow, Thomas Mayow.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta W. Groby feofat. Elene
vxor .. Nicholai le Cu fact. de vna plac. terre in Deadlane s.
condtc.
530. 1351, 6 Dec. [Tuesday after St Benet the abbot 25
Edw. Ill.] Leycester. Grant and confirmation by Willi~m
son of Richard of Wynewyk, of Wheston', to John of
Louseby, of Leycestre, sen. , of a plot of land lying in the
parish of St Martin, Leycestre, in the lane which leads to the
Saturday market, between the tenement of the gild of the
consecration [sic] of Corpus Christi, of the said church, on
one side, and that sometime of Christopher of Enderdeby on
the other, and extending from the said lane to the land of
the said Christopher. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
. . Witrtesses: Geoffrey of Kent, mayor; Gilbert Lauener,
batliff; Thomas of Beby, John Damemme, William of Cotes.
No seal.
Endorse? in late hand : F eoffament. Willelmi Wynewyk
~act. Johanm Lowesby de placeo terre in venell. que ducit
m forum sabati int. tenementa nuper gilde Corpor. Christi
et Christoferi Enderby.
531 . 1352, 20 July [Friday, St Margaret the virgin, 26 Edw.
III.] Leycester. Grant and confirmation by Richard Wyngere
'Whetstone.
312 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
of Leycestre to William of the Chamber [de camera), gatekeeper
[janitori) of the castle of Leycestre. of a messuage
situate in the parish of St Mary of the Castle. Leycestr~ .
to wit in Kephouenelane, between the land of the satd
W'll' m' which was sometime of William Gentyle, and
1 Ia • fr h k' .
that of Henry of Brackeleye, and extendmg om t e mg s
way to the land of the abbot of Oselueston'. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. \Varranty.
Witnesses : William le Goldsmyth, mayor; Thomas dele
Groue, bailiff: Richard Norman, John Hunte, Ralph le
Fysscher, William le Dextere, Richard of Sutton.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Ricardi Wyngere de vno
mess. in Kephouenelane facta W. de Camera.
532. 1352, 5 August [Sunday after St P eter's Chains, 26
Edw. Ill.) Leycester. Grant and confirmation by Roger of
Stoghton, of Leycestre, chaplain, to Henry Caudel of Leycestre,
carpenter, of a plot of land in the eastern sub~rb of
Leycestre, lying in Longcroft, between the land .somebme of
Robert of Greseleye and that sometime of Mtles Samme,
which Andrew Sweyn holds. and extending from Barkebyla~e
to the land of the bishop of Lincoln. To hold of the ch1ef
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William le Goldsmyth, mayor; Thomas dele
Groue, bailiff; Robert le Porter, William of le Waynhous.
William of Norton, Roger Malyn, John Dekene.
Fragment of seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Rogeri Stoughton fact.
Henrico Candell de vna placea terre in suburbiis Leic. vocat
Longcrofte.
533. 1353, 13 Sept. [Friday be/ore the Exaltation o/ ~he
Holy Cross, 27 Edw. Ill.) Leycester. Grant and confirmatton
by Henry Caudel of Leycestre, carpenter, to William of
Asscheby. of Leycestre, barker, and Alice h~s w.ife, of a plot
of land in the eastern suburb of Leycestre, lymg m Longcroft.
between the land of the said William and Alice and that
sometime of Miles Sam me [etc.. as in No. 532] . To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
•See Noa. 520, 522.
LEICESTER 313
Witnesses : William le Goldsmyth, mayor; Thomas dele
Groue. bailiff; Robert le Porter, William dele Waynhous,
Robert Malyn, Roger Malyn, John Dekene.
Fragment of seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Hemict Caudell fact.
Willelmo Ashbye & vxor. eius de placea terr. in Longcrofte.
534 1357, 6 April [Maundy Thur!day, 31 Edw. Ill.)
Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by John of F oluill, of
Rerisby, to Matthew le Tailour of Leycestre. of a messuage
with its buildings and all its appurtenances in Leycestre, lying
between the friars minor and the messuage of John of
Lowes by. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William Wareyn, mayor; Thomas of Groue,
bailiff; Walter of Lindrich, John Keling, j ohn of Lowesby,
John Damemme , William of Cotus.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Johann is F olvyle Math eo le
T aylour tenement. int. terr. Johannis de Lowesby & ten.
frabum minorum.
535. 1359, 18 Oct. [Friday, St Luke, 33 Edw. Ill.]
Leycester. Grant and confirmation by John, sometime the
son of Richard Vndirwall of Leycestre . in his full age and
lawful power, to William Asscheby, of Leycestre, barkere,
of a furlong (quartrona) of land. lying in the eastern suburb of
Leycestre, to wit, in Longcroft, between the land of the
said 'William artd that of John Bras, and extending from
Barkeby Weye to the ditch of 'le hauedelond' of the bishop
of Lincoln. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William of Dunstaple, mayor; Thomas dele
Groue, bailiff; Robert le Porter, John Dekene, William Bee.
William of Norton, Roger Malyn.
Seal gone.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Johannis fil. Willelmi {sic)
Vndi1wall fact. Willelmo de Ashbye de vna quartrona terre
in Longcroft int. Barkby Lane & stond {sic) episcopi Lincoln.
536. 1360-1, 28 Feb. [Sunday after St. Matthias, 35
£dw. lll.] Leycester. Release and quitclaim by John Fode
314 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
of Leicestre to William dele Grene of Leycestre, of all manner
of actions, real and personal, by reason of any trespass, etc.
Seal : simple queue.
537. 1362-3.9 Jan. [Monday a/fer Epiphabny,J3h6EdfwE. :ll.]
Leycestre. Indenture of demtse and grant Y o n o meshale,
of Leicester. to John of Derby, of Leycester, c~tter,
d to Emma his wife and Helen their daughter, of a curtilage
~: Leycestre. to wit, that which the said ~ant?r ~ad of the
gift anci feoffment of Joan of Ermesby. whtch hes m breadth
between the tenement of Hugh le Scheremon and the land
of the said John of Elmeshale, and extends from the lane
which leads from Hotegate to the castle of Leycester, as far
as the land of the said John of Elmeshale. To hold to the
said John of Derby, Emma and Helen, for th~ir whole liv~s
in survivorship, rendering therefor to the s~td grantor, hts
heirs or assigns. 5s. silver at the terms usual m Leycester by
equal portions. for all service. Warranty.
Witnesses: Thomas of Beby, mayor; Philip of Tynemouth.
bailiff; Richard of Knygtone, John le Cok, Hugh le Schere
mon, Roger le Fisscher, Roger of Kelby.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta Johannis Elmeshale fact.
Johanni de Derby de vno curtilag. in venel. que due. ad
Castrum.
538. 1364. 26 March [Tues. in Easter week, 38 Edw. 111.)
Leycester. Grant and confirmation by Matthew le T ayllour
of Leycestre to Richard le Charreour ~f Ker?y', of a messuage
in Leycestre, situate between the frtars mmor and the tet;e·
ment sometime of John of Louseby2
• To hold of the chtef
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William T ubbe, mayor; John ofT ynemouthe.
bailiff; Thomas of Beby, William of Burton, Robert le
Coupere, Thomas of Houby, John of Derby, Ralph Taleman.
Richard of Preston.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Mathei leT aylour Ricardo
le Charreowre de Kyrby vnius mess. scit. int. fratres minor. &
tenement. quondam Johannis de Lowesbye.
•Kirby Muxloe. •See No. 534.
LEICESTER 315
539. 1367, 8 Oct. [Friday after St Faith, V.M., 41 Edw.
llf.) ~.eycestr~. Grant and confirmation by Ellen, sometime
the Wtfe of Ntcholas le Cu of Leycestre, in pure widowhood
and lawful power, to Robert of Hornynglowe, of Leycestre,
flesschewer, of a plot of land lying in le Dedelane, between
the tenement of John Russel and that sometime of William of
Okham, and extending from the said lane to St Peter's lane
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. .
Witnesses: John of Stafford, mayor; John Cooc, bailiff;
William of Thornton, John Russel, Robert Clerk.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Elene vxoris Nicholai le
Cu ~ac~. Roberto de Hornylowe de vna placea terr. cum
pertm. m Deadlane.
540. 1367, 24 Oct. [Sunday after St Luke the evangelist,
41 Edw. lll.) Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by Philip
son and heir of Nicholas le Cu of Leycestre, to Robert of
Hornynglowe, .of ~eycestre, Aesschewer. of all his right in a
plot of land lymg m le Dedelane [as d escribed in No. 539].
Warranty.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta relaxacionis Philippi filii
Nicholai le Cu fact. Roberto de Hornynglow de placea terre
;n Deane (sic) lane.
541. 1367-8, 15 Jan. [Saturday after St Hilary, B.C., 41
Edw. Ill.] Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Roger of
Wilughby, lord of Barkeby , to Robert of Hornynglowe, of
Leycestre, flesschewer, of a plot of land in the parish of St
Peter. Leycestre. lying between the land of the said Robert
and that sometime of William of Okham, and extending from
the land of the said Robert to the lane of St Peter T 0 hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warrdnty. .
J
Witnes~es : John of Stafford, mayor; John Cooc, bailiff;
ohn of Pettrburgh, John Russel , Nicholas Hendeman.
Fragment of seal with shield of arms, a chevron.
d
8
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Rogeri Wylloughby domini
. e ark by facta Roberto de Hornynglowe de vna place a terr.
tn venella sancti Petri Leic. extend.
316 CHARTCRS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
542. 1368. 4 Dec. [St Benet the abbot, 42 Edw. Ill.}
Leycestre. Grant by Richard le Charreour of Kerby to sir
Henry of Orwelle and sir Ralph of Stocton, chaplains, of a
messu"ge in the parish of St Martin 's. Leycestre, to wit. in
le Cank. situate between the garden of the friars minor and
the tenement sometime of john of Louseby, and extending
from the king's way to the land of Thomas of Kirkeby'. To
hold of the chief lords. etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John of Stafford. mayor of Leycestre; John
Cook, bailiff; Thomas of Beby, john Tournour, Richard of
Preston. Robert le Coupere, John Tail! our.
Seal.
Endorsed: {I). de ten. iu.xta gardinum Frm Minorum.
(2, late hand). Charta Rici le Charriour de Kyrby Henr. de
Oswell {sic) & aliis. Le Canke.
543. 1369, I June [Friday after St P ernell the o~rgm, 43
Edw. Ill.] Leycestre . Grant and confirmation by William
othe Grene of Leycestre to sir John of Rakedale, vicar of
the church of St Martin, Leycestre, sir Robert of Ouerton
Sauce, chaplain, William of Burton, Henry of Petlyng. and
Henry of Clipston, of Leycestre, of all his lands. tenements.
etc., in the town of Leycestre and in the subwb thereof, and
in Brounkyngethorp and Aston Flamuill. To hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas of Be by, mayor; John Cook, bailiff;
Roger of Belgrave, Richard of Knyghton, William of Humberstan,
john Grom, of Leycester; William le Heyr, of Aston.
Fragment of seal.
Endorsed in late hand : F eoff. consid. Willelmi othe
Grene Johanni Rakedale & aliis de omnibus terris in Leic.
& aliis.
544. 1369-70. 25 Feb . [Monday after St Matthias, 44 Edw.
III.] Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by john Rider, son
of T homas Rider, of Leycestre, to William othe Grene. of
Leycestre, of all his right m all the lands and tenements which
were sometime of John of Knyghton, of Leycestre, draper. in
the town and in the fields of Leycestre and Knyghton.
1See Noa. 5~. 538.
LEICESTER 317
KnygWtointn, eTshseosm: aJso Chnh aC oo c, m~y~r an d bal.h.f f; Richard of
II
pman, William Hendeman William of
ue~on. ,
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand . R 1 ·
Johanni Knyghton Will elm . ~ axGac•o omn . terr. que fuerunt
0 ot e rene per Johann em Ryder.
L
545. t 1370G, 25 May [Sat. after the Ascension 44 Edw Ill ]
eyces re. rant and confi t' b J h ' · ·
William of Sewistern f L rma Ion Y 0 n of Melton and
Wallsch. kt., lord of .Aonelee:cJ~~~· ofhRplkainds, to s_ir Thomas
church of St Martin L ' a e ale, v1car of the
Clipston, William of• H~~c~~~:~~ Hen:r ~f ~e~yng, Henry of
Sauce, of Leycestre chaplain n, tn Sir o ert of Ouerton
street of Leycestre, ~hich was • s:me~i=eessfajg~ m fthNe high
To hold of the chief lords, etc.
0 0
n o orton.
Witnesses: John Cook, rna or d b ·u ..
Sitheston', Thomas Chapman l~ an W ai ff; Wilham of
Knyghton. ' omas ynger, Richard of
Two seals.
Endorsed in late hand : F eoffamentum J h .
& Willelmi Sewisterne factum Tho . W al h annJs ~elton
messuag. in alta strata Leic. ·
8
e & alns de
L 546. 1370 • 12 Ju ne [We d . a1 f er St Barnabas 44 Edw Ill ]
eyces_tre. Release and quitclaim by Rober't f 0 . .
chaplc:.m, john Norman w·n f o uerton,
Wynger • and Willi a K. I flaLm o Knyghton, William
G m yng, 0 eycestre, to Willia h
rene, of Leycester • of all their right in all th I ~ ot de
tenements which they had of th 'ft d f ff e an s an
L o
f Croxton, of Lf'ycestre, in th; ~b;b a:~ i~~~ 0J ~ogerf
eycestre and Knyghton. e s o
ton, ~~~~h:~ : }t~ ~7kd m?'or and bailiff; John of Stub-
Euyn~ton, of Knygh~o~.or ' eter atte Halle, William of
Five seals.
Endorsed in late hand . R 1 . f ff
Croxton Willelmo oth G . de axa~IO. eo atorum Rogeri
e rene e terns m Leic. & Knighton.
'Syaton.
318 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
547. 1377, 24 june [Natio. o/ Stjohn Baptist, I RGich. ll.J
Leyceslle Grant and confirmation by William rene of
Leycestre to Henry of Clypston and William of Humburston,
both of Leycestre, of a tenement lying in the town of
Leycestre; the which tenement was sometime of John of
Nortcn, and lies between the tenement of Agnes Bl~chard
and that of Thomas of Kyrkeby. To hold of the chtef lord,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William Ferrour, mayor; Robert Hornynglow,
John Prentys, bailiffs; Thomas Beby, .Roger of Belgrave,
Richard of Knyngton, John Norman, Rtchard of Gameston.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : F eoff. Willelmi Grene Henrico
Clypson de mess. m Leic. voc. Nortons Land.
548. 1377, 27 Sept. [Sunday be/ore Michaelmas, I Rich.
II.} Leycestre. Release, pardon and quitclaim by john
Jakys, Robert Bouer, William Kyng, John Gylbard, and
"William de Ia Lowe of Schylton, to William Grene, Thomas
Blanchard of Leycestre, John, serving-man of the said William
Grene, and all other his servants, of all t~.ctions by reason
of debt, etc.
4 seals (partly btoken): one gone: simple queue.
Endorsed : Relaxacio omnium accionum Willelmo Grene
et ahis.
549. 1378, I 0 May [Sat. after St john be/ore the Latin
gate, I Rich. II.) Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by
Henry of Clypston, of Leycestre, to William othe Gr~ne, of
Leycesbe. of all lands, etc., which he had of the g~ft and
feoffment of the said William in the town and suburb of
Leycestre and in Brounkyngethorp and Aston Flamuill' . To
hold of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses : William F errour, mayor; Robert of Hornynglowe
and John Prentys, bailiffs; Thomas of Beby, Roger of
Belgrave, Richard of Knyghton, William of Humberstone,
burgesses; sir William Flamuill, kt.
Seal.
•See No. S42.
LEICESTER 319
Er.dotscd in late hand : F eo fa mentum llenrici Clypston
Willelmo othe Grene de terris in Letc. & aliis.
550. 1380, II june [Monday, St Barnabas, 3 Rich. l/.]
Leycester. Grant and confirmation [indented) by Roger of
Belgraue to Henry of Clipston, William Humburston, Andrew
Glasier, Thomas Chapman, Richard Martyn, Richard of
Braunston, and John Flekeney , of 4s. 6d. annual rent payable
from a messuage next the churchyard of the church of St
Martin on W., between the tenement sometime of John of
Rakedale en N. and the lane whereby one goes to the friars
minor on S. To hold to the said grantees, by equal portions
at th.e th~ee ~erms of .the year customary in Leycester. Powe-r
of dtstramt, tf the satd rent be a month in arrear. Warranty.
Witnesses: ~illiam of Burgh, steward of Leycester;
john Norman, Rtchard Martyn, bailiffs; William of Siston,
John of Peturburgh, John Chapman, John of Stafford.
Five seals (imperfect].
Endorsed (I) Belgraue, iiij s. vj d.; (2) in late hand·
C?arta i~?entat. Roger~ de Belgrave facta Henrico Clysto~
(src) & alus de 4s. & VJd redd. exeunt. de vno mess. iuxta
cimiterium sancti Martini Leic.
551. 1381, 12 Oct. [Saturday a/ter S. Denis the abbot 5
Rich. II.} Leycester. Grant and confirmation by Robert' of
Hornynglowe, of Leycestre, Aesshewer, sen., to sir Ralph of
Byngham, vicar of the church of St Peter, Leycester, and to
Nicholas Marschal of Leycester, of a messuage in Leycester,
situate in the parish of StPeter, in a lane called le Dedelane,
between the messuage sometime of John Russell and the
tenement of John of Knyghton, and extending in length from
the said lane to another called Seyntpeterlane. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
_Witnesses: John of Stafford, mayor; John Chapman,
Rtchard of Braunston, bailiffs; Robert of Skylynton, Roger of
Belgrave, Thomas Bailly, Gregory of Brystowe, Aesshewer.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Roberti Hornynglowe
fact. Radulpho de Byngham vic. ecclesie sancti Petri et
Nicholao Marshal.

552. 1382, 28 June.1 Collegiate church of St Mary next
the Castle of Leycester. Letters patent of the official of the
archdeacon of Leycestre, reciting letters bearing the same
date addressed by William of Kereby , abbot of the
monastery of blessed Mary of the meadows of Leycester, to
the said official and to brother William of Barkeby, the said
abbot's fellow-canon. The said letters contain that, whereas
the said abbot has collated to Simon Bache, clerk, the deanery
of the said collegiate church, commonly called the office of
sacrist, and the prebend entitled A annexed to the same,
they being void by the death of master John of Hemyngburgh,
the last dean or sacrist and prebendary, and belonging fully
to the collation of the said abbot, and whereas he has invested
the said Simon by the delivery to him of his cap (birreti),
and has instituted him canonically therein, he gives commission
to the said official and the said brother William,
jointly or severally, to induct the said Simon or his proctor
into corporal possession of the same deanery, etc., and to
assign him the stall m quire and place in chapter competent
to the same, expressly charging and bidding the canons and
lay servants (conuersi) of the same collegiate chuich to do
obedience to the same Simon, and obey and hearken to him
according to the ancient customs and obs^an"s ^he
same church. The official certifies the said abbot that he has
inducted the said Simon and otherwise executed the tenor
of the said letters, leaving the said Simon really in peaceful
possession of the said deanery, etc.. without gainsaying or
hindrance of anyone.
553. 1383, 26 March [Thursday in Easter Week, 6 Rich.
II ] Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by Thomas Houton
heir of John Honecote,8 to sir Thomas Stretton, rector of the
church of Twyford, Henry Clypston of Leycestre, William
Humberston and William del Grene both of the same, o
all his right in all the lands, etc., which were sometime of
John of Honecote, and which William del Grene of Leyce*tre
now holds in the town and suburb of Leycestre and in the
fields of Brounkyngesthorp.
1393. "See No. 518.
LEICESTER 321
Witnesses : Richard Knyghton, mayor; Andrew Glasier,
Thomas Wakfeld, bailiffs; Henry Beby; William Danet of
Leycestre; Thomas Kyrkeby, John Knyghton, of Brounkyngesthorp.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand: Relaxatio Thomae Honton
Willelmo Grene de terr. que fuerunt Johannis Huncote.
554. 1383, 13 Dec. [Sunday, St Lucy the virgin, 7 Richard
//]. Leycestre. Release by Thomas Walche, kt.1, to William
del Grene of Leycestre, of all actions of debt, account, waste,
covenant, or trespass.
Seal.
Endorsed: Relaxatio Tho: Walshe Willo Grene de
omnibus accionibus.
555. 1386, 4 April [St Ambrose, bishop and confessor,
9 Richard II]. Brunkyngthorp. Grant by William del Grene
to John of Bagworth, chaplain, and Richard del Grene, of
all the lands, meadows, etc., which the said William lately
had in the fields of Brunkyngthorp of the gift and feoffment
of John of Stretton, parson of the church of Thwyford,2 with
the reversion of the dower which Margaret, the wife of
Thomas of Kyrkeby of Brunkyngthorp, holds for the term of
her life. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Danet, Thomas of Kyrkeby, William
Merser, John of Kynghton (sic), William Lambe.
Seal.
Endorsed (late hand): keoff. Willmi Grene de Terris in
Bronkyngesthorpe quas Johes Stretton dedit eidem Willmo.
556. 1386, 22 June, Leycestre. Be it known unto all men
by these presents that, the account of the executors of the
testament of William on the Grene of Leycestre, deceased,
having been audited in the presence of us, Stephen of
Syresham, sequestrator and commissary general of the
venerable father sir John, by the grace of God bishop of
Lincoln,8 in the archdeaconry of Leycestre, because, after
reckonings made and all lawful allowances allowed, we have
'See No. 545. aCf. No. 553. 'John Buckingham, bishop of Lincoln
1363-1398
322 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
found that the said executors have made faithful administration
ir. the goods of the deceased, we have absolutely set them
free from further rendering of account, saving the right of
any person whatsoever.
Seal of office (broken): simple queue.
557. 1386-7, 3 March. Leycestre. Release and quitclaim
by Thcmas Mulner to Richard Grene, John Bagworth, John
Grene, and Thomas Horneby, of all manner of actions, real
and personal, from the beginning of the world to the date of
these presents.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand: Relaxatio Thomae Mulner
Ricardo Grene Johanni Grene & aliis de omnibus accionibus.
538. Same date [10 Rich. II.] Leycestre. Release and
quitclaim by Fulk of Penbrugg, kt., John of Grendon, and
John of Wolaston, to William Grene, Richard Grene, John
Bagworth, chaplain, John Grene, and Thomas of Horneby,
executors of the said William, of all manner of actions, etc.,
as in the preceding.
Three seals.
Endorsed in late hand : Relaxat' fulconis de penbrugg
et aliorum Willmo Grene et Rico Grene omnium accionum.
339. 1391, 30 March [Thursday in Easter Week, 14 Rich. II.]
Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Reynold of Cosynton,
of Derby, goldsmyth, to Richard of Thurluston, of Leycestre,
draper, of a piece of land in Leycestre, lying in the parish of
St Mary of the castle, Leycestre, which the said Reynold had
of the gift and feoffment of Thomas Blaunchard of Leycestre
for the term of the life of the same Thomas. To hold of
the chief lords, etc., for the whole life of the said .Ihomas.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Geoffrey Clerk, mayor; William of Bispeham,
bailiff; William of Humberston, Richard of Knyghton, John
Chapman.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Reginaldi de Cossington
fact. Ricardo de Thurlaston de petia terr. in parochia sancte
Marie Leic.
LEICESTER 323
560. 1391, 4 April [St Ambrose, 14 Rich. II.] Leycestre.
Grant and confirmation by Nicholas Marschal of Leycestre
to Robert Hornynglowe of Leycestre, flesshewer, of a
messuage in Leycester, situate in the parish of St Peter, in
a lane called le Dedelane, between the messuage sometime
of John Russel and the tenement of John Knyghton, and
extending in length from the said lane to another called
Seyntpeterlane, the which messuage the said Nicholas had
of the gift and feoffment of Robert Hornynglowe the elder1
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Geoffrey Clerk, mayor; William Byspham,
bailiff; John Colchestre, John Cook, Andrew Glasier, John
Northerne, Edward Smyth, Roger Leyk, of Leycestre.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Nicholai Marshal fact.
Robeito Hornylowe de vno mess, in Deadlane.
561. 1391, 23 Dec. [Sat. after St Thomas the apostle, 15
Rich. II.] Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Margaret,
sometime the wife of Robert Wylughby of Leycestre, to
Richard Thurleston, draper, of Leycestre, of a tenement in
the high street of Leycestre, situate between the tenement
of John del Grene on N. and the shop of the said Margaret
on S., and extending from the king's way to the land of
John del Grene, and in breadth from the land of the said
John, between the land of the said John and the tenement of
Amice of Sytheston,2 to the lane called Frer lane. To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Geoffrey Clerk, mayor; William Byspham,
bailiff; Roger Belgraue, Richard Knyghton, Thomas Wakfeld,
John London, Richard Martyn, Robert Skylyngton, of
Leycestre.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Marg. quondam vxor.
Roberti Wylloughby fact. Roberto (sic) Thurlston de vno
tenemento in alta strata.
562. 1392, 23 Sept. [Monday after St Matthew, 16 Rich.
II.] Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Henry Ledbeter,
John Launder, John Bonyfaunt, John Pouterell, and William
'See No. 551. 2Syston.
324 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
of Nailston, smyth, of Leycestre to William Athelard,
W 1 evcestre of 1200 feet of land, lying in le Long-
W a £ f ' d i w e e n t h e l a n d o f N i c h o l a s d e l Y l d o n E . a n d
that'of' Henry Canterell on W„ and abutting at the N. head
upon Batkbilane, and at the S. head upon the common path.
To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses: Geoffrey Clerk, mayor; William Bijpham.
bailiff; William of Meerton, Richard of Thryngeston, William
Bifeld. dexter1, of Leycester.
Four seals : one seal gone.
Endorsed in late hand-. Charta Henrici Ledbeter &
aliorum fact. Willelmo Athelard duodec. cent, pedum teir.
in Longcroft.
563 1395, 31 May [Monday in Whitsuntide, 18 Rich. 1I.\
Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Richard del Grene,
brother of William del Grene, of Leycestre, to S.rnon Bache,
clerk2 and William Freman, of Leycestre, of all lands etc.,
in the'town and suburbs of Leycestre, and m Brountyngethorp
Ind in Aston Flamville.2 To hold of the chref lords, etc.
Warranty. ,
Y*/-. „ . Uprirv Bebv mayor; William Byspham,
bailiff;'Henry Clypeston. Thomas Wakefeld. John London,
Roger Humberston, Thomas Horneby.
Seal.
364 1395-6, 7 Feb. Leycester. Letters Patent of
official of the of Leycestre, after a^t o^efimd
^reTecutorsof the said Richard from any further rendering
of account, saving the right of any person whomsoever.
Seal.
565 1396, 28 Aug. [Monday, eve of the Decollation of St
il e dyer «Cf. No. 552. 'See Nos. 543 549. 'Name illegible, possibly
Serldale (Si No. 525). 'See Nos. 559. 56..
LEICESTER 325
and county of Leycestre. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas Lityghes, mayor; William Byspham,
bailiff: Richard Knyghton, Thomas Wakfeld, John London,
of Leycestre.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Ricardi Thurleston fact,
domino W. atte More, W. Humberston, Rogero Humberston,
Johanni Monke & Johanni Bonifaunt omnium terr. & ten. in
vill. & com. Leic.
566. 1398-9, 18 March [Tuesday before Palm Sunday, 22
Rich. II.] Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by John
Warwyk and Walter Wyntere to William Byspham, of all
manner of actions personal and real.
Seal (broken).
Endorsed: Relaxatio Johannis Warwyck et Walteri
Wynter omnium accionum Willelmo Byspham.
567. 1399, 19 April [Sat. after St Tiburtius & St Valerian,
22 Rich. II.] Leycester. Release and quitclaim by William
Clyppeston to Richard Carpenter of Leycestre, of all his right
in a message situate in the parish of St Martin, Leycestre, in
the high street, between the tenement of Robert Skyllyngton
and a lane which leads from the said street towards the
Saturday market, next the wall of the friars minor.
Witnesses: Roger Humburston, mayor; William
Byspham, bailiff; Richard Knyghton, Thomas of the lyes,
Thomas Wakefelde, Roger Dyuette, John Prentys.
Seal gone.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta relaxacionis Willelmi
Clyppeston facta Richardo Carpenter de messuag. in alta
strata.
568. 1399, 5 Sept. [Friday before Natio. B.M., 23 Rich.
//.] Leycester. Grant and confirmation by Richard of
Braunston, of Leycestre, to dan John of Neuton, canon of
Repdon, cellarer of Calk1, to sir Richard, master of the
hospital of St Leonard, Leycestre, and to Thomas del Hall,
nr'°/"r> Calke, co. Derby, between Repton and Melbourne,
was a cell of Repton priory.
326 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
cf Leycestre, of all his tenements in the town of Leycestre.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Roger Humburston mayor; William
Bispham, bailiff; Richard of Knyghton, John Chirches, Reter
Clerk, John Sporiar, of Leycestre.
Fragment of seal.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta Ricardi de Braunston
domino Johanni Newton canon, domino Ricardo magistro
Hospit. sancti Leonerdi Leic. & Thome de Hall de Leic.
omn. tenement, suorum in villa Leicestr.
569 1402-3 [4 Hen. IV], 8 March. Leycestre. Grant
by Robert Skylyngton of Leicester to Simon Bache clerk',
William Dekene, chaplain, Richard Gampston and Roger
Humbreston, of remainder, after the decease of Joan, the
grantor's wife, of a tenement and six cottages severally situate
in Leycestre, which the said Robert and Joan hold, with
remainder to the heirs and assigns of Robert of the grant
and feoffment of William atte More, vicar of the church of
St Martin. Leycestre, John Monk and John Bonyfaunt 1 he
which tenement is situate between the tenements of William,
sometime the son of Richard del Grene, on N., and the shop
late of Margaret, sometime the wife of Robert Wylughby of
Leycester, on S., and extends from the king's way to the land
of the said William del Grene, and in breadth between the
land of the said William and the tenements sometime of
William of Clyppeston to the lane called Frerelane3. And
one cottage is situate in le Dedlane, between the tenements
sometime of John Derley, sporiour, on E., and the tenements
of William Braybrok on W., and extends from the king s
way to the garden of Roger Wryth of Thurleston. And two
cottages lie in le Dedlane, between the tenements of William
Braybrok on E. and the tenements of Roger Wryth of
Thurleston on W., and extend from the king's way to the
land of the said Roger Wryth. And two cottages lie in
Sorelane between the garden of the new college of Newark,
which now William Draycote holds, on E., and the tenement
of the college of St Mary by the castle of Leycestre on W
and extend from the king's way to the garden of R^hard
of Gampston. And one cottage lies in the said lane called
Sorelane, between the tenements of the said college of St
•See Nos. 552, 563. 2Cf. No. 565. 3Cf. No. 561.
LEICESTER 327
Mary by the castle on E. and those of Roger Wryght of
Thurleston on W., and extends from the king's way to the
land of the said Richard of Gampston on S. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John London, mayor; ^Villiam Bispham,
bailiff; John Norman, William Malteby, John Barbour,
William Goldsmyth, Henry Derby.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Concess. reuertionis vnius mess.
& sex cotag. in vill. & suburb. Leic. fact, per Ro. Skyllington
Simoni Bache clerico W. Deaken Ric. Gampson & Rogero
Humberston.
570. 1403, 25 March [Annunciation of B.M., 4 Hen. IV.]
Leycestre. Indenture testifying that, whereas William atte
More, vicar of the church of St Martin, Leycestre, John
Munk and John Bonyfaunte, of Leycestre, held two cottages
lying together in le Dedelane withm the town of Leycestre,
of William Danett, by the service of 2s. 6d. a year, the
which cottages were sometime of Richard Thurleston, draper;
and whereas the said William, John and John gave the said
cottages to sir William of Almanbury1 and sir William
Repyngton2, clerks, to hold of the chief lords, etc.; the said
William Danett has granted and confirmed the said cottages to
the said clerks, to hold of the said William Danett and his
heirs by the services therefrom due and of old time accustomed,
for ever.
Witnesses: John London, mayor; William Byspham,
bailiff; Richard Fauconer, John Hoghton.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Confirmat. per W. Danet fact.
W. Almanbury & W. Repyngton de duobus cotag. in Dead
lane.
571. 1404, 26 April [Sat. after St Mark, 5 Hen. IV.]
Leycester. Grant and confirmation by Richard Chaloner of
Leycester to Thomas Shyngull, chaplain, of Tuttebery, and
William Bacheler, chaplain, of Leycester, of a piece of land,
nQQai/9? °f,£e Newarke college and prebendary of the fourth prebend
, • "Canon of the Newarke college and prebendary of the
irteenth prebend 1406-1435. At this date he was a canon of the royal
chapel of Bridgnorth and rector of Balsham, Cambs.
328
CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
. •« r Peter, Leycester, between the land
lying in the PaUS\ j that of the said Richard on
of Thomas Mawndeuyll on E and th^.^ ^ ^
W., and extending fro London on S., and
on N. to the -d of the ^ ^ breadth
containing m length 2 2 ^ ^ chief lords> etc
king's rods of land.
Warranty. mavor; Thomas Denton,
Witnesses : John C yr ^erston, Ralph Chapman.
Ralph Brasyer, bailiffs, Koger
Antony of Knyghton.
—Pa"
Leic.
572. 1404 [5 Hen. -d
confirmation by Ellen ips William Dekyn,
heir o! John Louseby of th,B »m Leycester,
chaplain. John ClyPs'°"tn the arish of St Martin, Leycester;
of three messuages ly:ung P, between the tenement of
whereof two lie m le ^ , , t f Thomas Walgraue on
Richard Chaloner on K and that^ ^ ^ ^ hn
S and extend from the g -lain- and the other lies
Loueday and William J^ent of John Clypston on W.
in le Kanke, between th ^ extends from the
hold of the chief lords, etc. Humburston
and 7hom^ Denton! Thomas' Wallegraue. Richard
Marteyn, Henry Redefyl.
en le^Genteslane & vno mess, en le Cank.
573. ,406 [8 Hen. I V ] , 14 TfT^tTand'wilW
confirmation by Robert M V corueyser, Peter Cook,
same, corriour, of a messuage in
LEICESTER 329
Leycestre, situate in the parish of St Peter, in a lane called
Dedelane, between the messuage sometime of John Russell
on W., and the tenement sometime of John of Knyghton on
and extending in length from the said lane to another
lane called Seyntpetrelane1; the which messuage Robert
Hornylowe of Leycester sometime gave and granted, together
with other tenements in Leycester, to the said grantors by
his deed. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the said John,
Peter and William, and to the heirs and assigns of the said
John Seman.
Witnesses : Ralph Humbreston, mayor; John Clippeston,
John Ernesby, bailiffs; John Tonge, William Freman, Thomas
Seburgh, John Baxster, sen., of Leycester.
Two seals.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta Roberti Ansty & W.
Winley de vno mess, in Deadlane fact. Johanni Seyman Petro
Cook & W. Outhorpe.
574. 1406 [8 Hen. IV], 16 Oct. Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation, with release and quitclaim by Alice, late the
wife of Robert of Hornylowe, of Leycestre, in her pure
widowhood, to John Seman of Leycestre, corueyser, Peter
Cook, and William Outhorp of the same, corrour, and to
the heirs and assigns of the said John, of all her estate and
right, by reason of dower or by any other title, in a messuage
in Leycestre, situate in the parish of St Peter in a lane called
Dedlane, between the messuage sometime of John Russell
on W., and the tenement sometime of John of Knyghton on
E., and extending from the said lane to another lane called
Seintpetrelane. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Ralph Humbreston, mayor; John Clyppeston,
John Ernesby, bailiffs; John Loueday, John Tonge, William
Freman, Peter Cook, of Leycester.
Seal gone.
Endorsed in late hand : Alicie nuper vx. Roberti Hornylowe
charta relaxac. fact. Jo. Seman Pet. Cooke & W.
Outhorpe de mess, in Deadlane.
575 1406-7 [8 Hen. IV], 4 Jan. Leycestre. Release and
quitclaim by Andrew Glasier of Leycestre and Margaret his
'See Nos. 551, 560.
330 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
wife to John Seman of Leycestre, corueyser Peter Cook of
T A William Outhorp of the same, le cornour, and
the same, and Tohn, of all their right in
5& tLsAX 2&ZZ S??", f„t the term of her life, to be paid out of the sard messuage.
The which messuage is situate between the messuage somerime
of John Russell on W. and the tenement somehme of
John of Knighton, and extends in length from the aforenamed
lane to a lane called Seyntpetrelane.
Witnesses : Ralph Humbreston, mayor; John Clippeston,
John Ernesby. bailiffs; John Baxster, sen, Roger of Lyek.
Seal gone.
Endorsed in late hand -. Charta relaxac. Andree Glas^r
& vxor. eius fact, johanni Seyman Petro Cooke & W.
Outhorpe de vno mess, m Deadlane.
576 1406-7 [8 Hen. IV], 16 Jan. Leycester. Grant and
confirmation by William Wynley to Ralph Humbreston,
"of' Leicester, William Segraue chaplam, and John
Hornyngwold, clerk, of a plot of land in the Pa"^ of ^1
Peter L^cestre, which was sometime called le Oldrfdehdh
crof, and lies between the land sometime of Walter of
Lvndrych on either side, and extends from the land of the
abbot of Leycestre to the street which leads to Torchemer.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. arranty.
Witnesses • John Clippeston, John Ernesby, bailiffs; John
Ton^ Roger Goldsmyth, William Maleyn, of Leycestre.
Seal
Endorsed in late hand: Charta Willelmi Wynley fact
Radulpho Humberston & alii. de place, terrae vocat.
Oldgildhall Croft in parochia sancti Petri.
577 1407 [8 Hen. I V ] 27 May Leycestre. Grant
demise and confirmation by Ralph Humbreston, mayor of
fhe town of Leycestre, William Segraue, chaplain, and John
Hornyngwold, clerk, to William Pexhull of Leycestre, le
LEICESTER 331
Flescher, and Agnes his wife, of a plot of land in Leycestre,
lying in the Parish of St Peter; the which plot was formerly
called le Oldgildhallcroft, and lies between two little lanes
next the land sometime of Walter of Lyndrych on either side
of the said two lanes and extends from the land of the abbot
of Leycestre to the street which leads towards Torchemer.
To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses : John Clippeston, John Ernesby, bailiffs; John
Tonge, Roger Leek, William Maleyn, Nicholas Blakwyn,
Roger Spicer, William Chaundeler, of Leycestre.
Three seals.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta Radulphi Humberston,
Willelmi Segraue & Johannis Hornynghold facta Willelmo
Pexhull de pecia terr. voc. Oldgildhall Crofte.
578. 1408 [9 Hen. IV], 4 June. (Leycester. Letters of
attorney of John Clypston of Leycestre, empowering Roger
Spicer of the same to deliver seisin to William Dekyn and
William Segraue, chaplains, of a messuage lying in the swine
market, between the tenement of Thomas Maundeuyle on
W. and that of the grantor on E., and extending from the
pig market to le Schepesmarket; and of a garden lying
between the land of Roger Dyuet on N. and a lane called
le Cowlane on S, and of two cottages in le Schepesmarket,
between the land of Roger Dyuet on W. and the grantor's
tenement on E.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Litt. Attornat. Johannis Clypson
ad deliberand. seisinam W. Deakyn et W. Seygrave de
messuag. in foro porcorum.
579. 1408 [9 Hen. IV], 13 July. Leycester. Grant and
confirmation by William Dekyn, chaplain, and John Flekeney
of Leycestre, to Richard Kyrkedowne, chaplain, of a cottage
in le Kanke, lying between the tenement of the said Richard
on E. and the garden of the friars minor on W., and extending
to the land of the lord duke1. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses: John Gyseley, mayor: Thomas Walgraue,
Thomas Hatter, bailiffs; John Chyrche, Henry Scheper,
Richard Chalounner, William Grene.
'I.e. the duke of Lancaster (king Henry IV.).
332 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Two seals. .
Fndorsed in late hand: Charta Willelrm Dekyn &
1 WannfsTeckney Ricardo Kyrkedowne de vno cotag( ,acen.
I°n U Kanke inty tenement, died Ricatdt & ten. fratrum
minorum.
580 1409. 26 Oct. [Saturday, eoe of St Symon and St
/ X / / H e n IV.) Leycester. Grant and confirmation by
WUliarn Ouethorp, coruyser. of Leycester. to Tliomas
Kvbworth vicar of the church of St Peter. Leycester. William
NobuJle and Henty Ge^of
Dedelane' blweoTtho messuage sometime of John Russell
on W. and the tenement sometime of John of Knyg on on
E and extending in length from the said lane to another
Warranty. . , r
Witnesses: Thomas of Lyghes. mayor; John Copyne.
bailiff; John Tong. William Freman, Thomas Seburg , oger
Leke. John Baxter.
Leic. W. Noble & Henrico Geary.
581 1412 J/3 Hen. IV], 13 Ma£ Leicestre Letters
r c Rrlerk William Dekene, chaplain, and cn:
^r^d^rofttheS1 Simon.
SrTnT. "jsttZis1— £
'See Nos. 573-575.
LEICESTER 333
wife of Robert Wylughby of Leycestre. on S., and extends
from the king's way to the land of the said William del Grene,
and in breadth between the land of the said William del
Grene and the land sometime of William of Clyppeston to the
lane called le Frerelane. And one cottage is situate in le
Dedelane, between the tenements sometime of John Derley,
sporiour. on E. and the tenements of William Braybrok on
W., and extends from the king's way to the garden late of
Roger Wryth of Thurleston; and two cottages lie in the said
lane called le Dedelane, between the tenements of William
Braybrok on E. and those late of the said Roger Wryth on
W.. and extend from the king's way to the land late of the
said Roger Wryth; the two cottages lie in a lane called
Sorelane, between the garden of the college of Leycester
which William Draycote lately held on E. and the land of
the college of blessed Mary by the castle of Leycestre on
W.. and extend from the king's way to the garden late of
Richard of Gampston; and one cottage lies in the said lane
called Sorelane, between the tenements of the said college
of blessed Mary by the castle of Leycester on E. and those
late of the said Roger Wryth on W., and extending from the
king's way to the land late of the said Richard of Gampston
on S.1 The said Simon, William Dekene, and Roger grant
that the said tenements, which should remain to them, their
heirs and assigns, shall, after the death of the said Joan,
remain to the said William Asty and to Thomas Kybbeworth,
vicar of the church of St Peter, Leycestre, their heirs and
assigns. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses : Thomas of Walgraue, mayor; John Cobyn,
bailiff; John Chirche, Ralph Humbreston, Thomas Almonley,
William Freman, Henry Derby, of Leycestre.
Three seals.
Endorsed in late hand: Concess. Reuers. post mortem
Johanne vx. W. Asty de vno mess. & sex cotag. prefat. W.
Asty & Tho: Kybbeworth per Simo : Bache clericum
Johannem Reignoldes & Walterum Tottesden (sic).
582. 1415-6 [3 Hen. V], 30 January. Leycestre. Grant
and confirmation by Simon Leuerich of Leycestre, son and
heir of John Leuerych of the same, deceased, to Alice Pilton
of Leycestre, daughter of Richard Pilton of Okam, deceased,
'See No. 569.
334 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
f 1 ar,d 6d and two hens of yearly rent in Leycestre and
of 3s. and fed. a ^ payable at the terms usual in
m the suburb^ ^ messuage outside the south gate of
Leycestre, to w , ment somerime of Agnes Gounfrey,
ycefthe dean and chapter of the church of the new college
now ot the aean <* r . which messuage
of bl ssed ^a'y fU^MWyng, and late the wife of William
Isabel, daughter hereditary descent, 2s. and
Billesdon, dexter held of said gate in the
tWO W'St'MaryTthe Castle of Leycestre^ next the land of
ReTnold Langham on
Kesteuene, of Leycestre.
Seal.
[A copy made temp. Hen. V I I I . ] .
183 1416 14 Hen. V ) . 3 April. Leycestre. Letters.of
a t t o r n e y o f S i m o n ^ L e ^ y c h l a n d
Hornyngwold of Ley Levcestre, according to the ttrr-r. sferat'ss-- Alice.
Sors ed in l a t e Hand :
deliberand. seismam de vna placea
Pilton.
584. 1418 16 Oct. ^^'J£^<j|^^g^l^'iaGrwtt ai^^onfiiinamonte
Tumba), 6 Hen. V .\ Y evcestre to John
tion by William Athelard wdk«, of lyinJg in
Furnesse and Isabel his wife of 1200 teet and
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
»See No. 562.
LEICESTER 333
Witnesses: William Pace, mayor; Henry Forester,
bailiff; William Draper, Richard Sclater, John Smyth.
Fragment of seal.
Endorsed i n l a t e hand: Charta Willelmi Athelard fact.
Johanni Furneys de xij cent, pedibus terr. in Long Croft.
385. 1420, 23 May [Thursday after S t Dunstan, 8 Hen. V.]
Leycestre. Grant by John Colyn of Leycestre, coruiser, and
Alice his wife, to Thomas Grisby of Leycestre and Alice his
wife, of a plot of land lying in the east suburb of Leycestre
in Barkebylane, to wit in Longecroft, between the land of
John Forneys on both sides, and extending from Barkebylane
to the field of the bishop of Lincoln. To hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Thomas Walgrave, mayor; Henry Forster,
bailiff; master John Ernesby, Ralph Brasyer, William Flecher,
William Smyth, William Hurley, of Leycestre.
Two seals.
Endorsed: (1) Carta Joh. Colyn de vna pecia terre in
Berkby Lane. (2) in late hand: Charta Iohannis Colyn &
Alicie vxoris eius facta Thomas Grysby & Alicie vxori eius de
placea terre in Longcroft.
586. 1422 (?), 9 September [Morrow o f the Nativity o f the
Virgin, 10 (sic) Hen. V.] Leycester. Letters of Alice, wife
of Philip Ekton of Leycester, mercer, appointing sir John
Chacoumbe, vicar of the church of St Nicholas, Leycester,
her attorney to deliver seisin of a half acre of arable land
lying in Bruntyngkyngethorp upon le Sondhill between the
land of William Danet and that sometime of William
Byspham, and extending from the thicket (dumo) of St John
to le Northfeld, the which she and her sometime husband,
William Calangewod, had together of the gift and feoffment
of Thomas Palmer of Franketon.
Witnesses: John Wynmerdeswold, John Thurleston,
Roger Merston, John Spyllesby, Philip Smyth, of Leycester.
Broken seal.
587. 1423, 24 May [Monday after Trinity, 1 Hen. VI.]
Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Pany to
William Chaynel of Leycestre, Thomas Lewyn and John
336 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Mi > thp same of two messuages in the parish of St
Mar tin Uycestre; the which lie together in le Kank, between
Martin, Ley minor Dn W. and the tenement which
the garden Wakefeld on E., and extend from the king 8
rar^eT„8d wtl fhoxnaa' WalgIaue holds'. To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Chyrche, mayor; Henry Eoster. baihff;
John Mayel, Thomas Clerk. William Skyner, Richard Baldok.
Seal
Endorsed in late hand: Charta Tho. Panye fact. W.
Chaynel Tho. Lewyn & Johanni Moreton de duobus mess.
in le Canke.
L^j4^a!rL&ts^^^
r • W and the tenement which was of Thomas
toTLT"E^ndtxtending from the kings way to the
land which Thomas Walgraue holds."
Fragment of seal.
The Lewyn & Johanni Moreton de duobus mess, en le
Canke.
cog 1424 [2 Hen. V I ) , 6 Aug. Bruntyngthorp. Grant and
lands, tenemen s, e ., clerk nQW deceased, and the
Thomas and the heirs of his body lawfully procreate, wrth
«rSo^£e1K. 563; The TTnTwas made
by Richard Grene.
LEICESTER 337
successive remainders to William Grene his brother, Elizabeth
their sister, and the hens of the body of either lawfully
procreate, and Amice the sister of the said William Grene,
the father of the said Thomas, William and Elizabeth, and
her heirs and assigns.
Witnesses : Henry Foster, mayor; Henry Walter, Richard
Baldok, bailiffs; Henry Derby, William Skynner, Robert
Lambert, John Hornyngwold, John Kegworth, John Thurleston,
of Leicester; Roger Norton, Roger Saunsom, of
Bruntyngthorp.
Seal with shield of arms.
Endorsed in late hand : Factum talliat. per Freman vnum
feoffatorum Willelmi Grene de terris in Leic. et Bronkyngesthorpe
Jhomae Grene et aliis filiis Willelmi Grene.
390. 1424-5, 20 Jan. [Sat. after St Hilary, 3 Hen. VI.)
Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Grene of
Southkyleworth to John Haliok of Cuntesthorp1, and Thomas
Freman of South Kylleworth, of a messuage in the parish of
St Martin of Leycestre, situate between the tenement of
William Skynner on S., and that of John Blanchard on N.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Henry Derby, mayor; John Pykewell, John
Reynold, bailiffs; John Belgraue, William Pacy, of Leycestre.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Feoff. Thomae Grene Freman et
aliis de tenemento in paroch. sancti Martini Leic.
591. 1424-5, 21 Jan. [Sunday after St Fabian and St
Sebastian, 3 Hen. VI.] Cuntesthorp. Grant and confirmation
by John Haliok of Cuntesthorp and Thomas Freman of South
Kyleworth to Thomas Grene of Southkyleworth and Agnes
(Ts wife» a messuage situate between the tenement of
William Skynner of Leycestre and that wherein John
Blanchard dwells, and abutting at one end upon the high
street; the which messuage the said grantor had of the gift
ar™ feoffment of the said Thomas Grene. To hold to the
said Thomas Grene and Agnes and to the heirs of their
bodies lawfully begotten, with remainder, if the said Thomas
Grene die without such heirs, to his right heirs.
'Countesthorpe
338 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses : Henry Rygeley, Hugh Bayly, John Atkyn,
John Kynge, William Howdeyn, of Cuntesthorp.
Seal.
592. [1426-7], 21 Feb. (Feast of St Hilary the pope (sic)
[5 Hen. VI.]) Leyc'. Covenant [indented] of conveyance,
grant and demise by Roger Norton of Leycestre to Thomas
Egynton of the same, of a plot of land in the eastern suburb
of Leycestre. lying in Longcroftes, between the land of John
Norton and that of Thomas le Ysle, and extending from
Barkbylane to the bishop's land. To hold from Michaelmas,
5 Hen. VI., for ten years next following, for a yearly rent
of 2s. 4d., with re-entry to grantor in case of arrears.
Warranty.
Witnesses: John Pyckwell, mayor; William Skynner,
William Wymsolde, bailiffs; Richard Sclater, William Clerke,
Fyscher (sic), William Draper.
Seals gone.
Endorsed in late hand: Indentura Rogeri Norton facta
Thomae Eginton de vna placea terrae in Longcrofte.
593. [1426-7], 22 March [Saf. before the Annunciation,
[5] Hen. F/.] Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by Ralph
Brasier of Leycestre to William Braybrok and Margaret his
wife, of the same, of a cottage in Leycestre, situate in le
Dedlane between the tenement sometime of Geoffrey
Draper on E. and that of William Skynner on W.; the which
the said Ralph had of the gift and feoffment of Nicholas
Hendeman. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses: John Pykwell, mayor; William Skynner.
William Wymondwold, bailiffs; John Chyrche, Thomas
Walgraue.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Radulphi Brasyer de vno
tenemento in Dead Lane.
594. 1428, 12 June [Saturday after St Barnabas the
apostle, 6 Hen. VI.]. Leycestre. Grant by William Chaynel
of Leycestre, Thomas Lewyn and John Morton, to Henry
Walter of Leycestre and William Burton of Louthborugh,
of two messuages in the parish of the church of St Martin,
LEICESTER
339
Leycester, lying together in le Cank k >
the friars minor on W and tk between the garden of
Thomas Wakefeld on W 1 l««ement which was of
way as far as the land which Th^^vr/"? fr°m the kinSs
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty8 81-3116 Lolds.1 To
Witnesses : William Skvr.
and Adam Racy, bailiffs; ThonTas clerT W"T™ ^ytyngton
Three seals. ' Wl,,lam Peyton.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta \I/ r .
& Johannis Morton facta Henr Walt i n Tk° ; Lewyn
mess, in le Cank. Wa,ter & W. Burton de duobus
595. '428, 28 July lliw/r, i
Leycestre- GrantTnd ^ameS'/lG apOS'/e'
Wa ter of Leycester and William R confirn]ation by Henry
William Chaynel of Leycestre and \?• Louthbourgh, to
of Robert Payle of CayC°of Z?""" ^ ^ the wife
m le Cank, in the parish of St Marhn'T3^8 lyin«'°8<*ber
the garden of the friars minor on W and h T ' betWee"
time of Thomas Wakefeld on E 'and te"eme»t someking
s way to the land which Th« XYe/Xt1endmg the
which the said grantors had of th e* WaI8raue holds; the
said William Ch^el Thom > fe°ffment ° ^
Leycestre. To hoVofeef'S £ ^
Witnesses : Wtlliam A.r " Warranty.
Adam Racy, bailiffs; John ChwSte^Th "S Wytyngtun,
Peyton, J " Gyrene, Thomas Clerk, William
Two seals.
Willelmi Burton fa«'ewaCh C1jarta Henrici Walteri et
duorum mess. e„ le C»k. ^ " Agnet' W eius
of Thomas of Yle on E. and th»? ° between the land
S h""^ abutling at the N. head up^R1*"!! "h ]0hn Co,yne on
S( bead up°„ the common J fP™ Bark,ebylane and at the
tc- Warranty. "°'d °f the chief lords,
'See Nos. 572 588 21s ,
' • Keyham- "See Nos. 562. 584.
340 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses: William Pacy, mayor; John Lughtborough,
John Hosyere, bailiffs; William Burton, William Draper,
Robert Ropere.
Fragment of seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Johannis Furnesse fact.
Willelmo Webster de xij cent, pedibus terr. in Longcroft.
397. 1428 [7 Hen. VI], 4 November. Leycester. Grant
and confirmation by William Asty of Leycester to Thomas
Assheby of Lowesby the elder, John Cherch, Thomas
Assheby the younger and Thomas Waldegraue, of all his
goods and chattels, movable and immovable, with their
profits and emoluments. To hold to the said Thomas, John,
Thomas and Thomas, without any claim of the said William
or his executors, saving and reserving to him his clothing
and riding equipment (equitatura), and things necessary for
his body.
Witnesses: William Pacy, mayor of Leycestre; John
Loghtborow, John Gyles, bailiffs; Ralph Brasyer, John
Wymondeswold.
Seal.
Endorsed: Concess. Bonor. & Catt. per W. Asty Tho :
Asheby & aliis.
598. 1431, 1 May [Sf Philip and St James, 9 Hen. VI.]
Leycestre. Grant and confirmation by John Bowher, vicar
of the church of St Margaret, Leycestre, to William Clerk
of Leycestre, fysscher, and Maud his wife, and to the heirs
of the body of the said William lawfully begotten, of a close
lying outside the east gate of Leycestre, to wit in Barkbylane,
between the land of Thomas Ysle and that of John Colyn,
and extending from Barkbylane to the land of the bishop
of Lincoln; the which the said John had of the gift and teoffment
of William Webister, late deceased.1 To hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Witnesses: Thomas Walgraue, draper, mayor; John
Nyghtyngale, Thomas Bowher, bailiffs; John Benet, John
Bysschop, John Ynge.
Seal.
!Cf. No. 596. Webster's charter to John Bowher is missing.
LEICESTER 341
Endorsed in late hand: Charta Johannis Bowher fact.
Willelmo Clerk de clauso in Barkby lane.
599. 1435, 24 June [Nativity of St John Baptist, 13 Hen.
VI.]- Leycestre. Release and quitclaim by Rose Peksyll,
late the wife of Ralph Peksyll of Leycestre, flecher, in her
pure widowhood, to William Peksyll of Leycestre, son and
heir of the said Ralph, of all her right which she has by
name of dower in a cottage with a garden annexed in the
parish of St Peter, Leycestre, situate in the street called
Ie Dedelane, between the tenement of the abbot of Leycestre
on S., and the lane which leads from Torchmer towards the
church of St Peter on N., and extending in length between
two little lanes next the land of William Newby1; in the
which premises she acknowledges the said William to be
seised. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses: John Raynold, mayor of Leycestre; John
Benett, in lieu of the bailiff of the same; William Newby,
Thomas Hewett, John Raynold, jun., William Lount, Roger
Sherman.
Seal gone.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta Relaxat. Rosae Pexhull
vxor. nuper Willmi Pexhull fact. Willmo filio Willmi Pexhull
de vno Cotagio cum Gardino Annexo in Deadlane.
600. 1435-6 [14 Hen. VI], 9 Feb. Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation by Richard Randolff, otherwise called Richard
Randull, of Leycestre, grocer, to John Charyte, clerk, John
Trutale, Richard Danet, esqq., Thomas Whatton, John
Waleys. sen., Thomas Charyte, William Wistowe and
Richard Neale, of all his goods and chattels, movable and
immovable, live or dead, in the town of Leycestre or elsewhere
within the realm of England, wheresoever they shall
be found. To hold to the same, their executors and assigns,
quit of all claim, etc., of the grantor, his executors, or any
other in his name.
Witnesses: A^am Racy, mayor; Richard Manfeld,
bailiff; Thomas Waldegraue, William Grantham, Richard
Chaundeler, grocer, Thomas Dalton, sen., William Innocent
of Leycestre.
Seal.
'Cf. No. 577.
342 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Mil 1437-8 1/6 Hen. VI.]. 21 March. Leycestre. Grant
601. I*>/ ° l Flirabeth who was the wife of John
and «nfirmaf'Leycestre, to William Innocent of Leycestre
CJen Vicar of the church of St Peter, Leycestre, and
John Glen, vica q{ ^ cottages wlth the gardens
Adam Racy of . Dedlane of Leycestre.
adjoining situate ^" fhomas Scales on W. and
between the teneme garden lying behind
that of William Asty on E. Also of * * extending
and contiguous tc.the gardens of thesatecot g ^
to the lane called Petreiane between Be ^ ^
Thomas Scales an together with the said John
SC Her husband, ^mon^ther
WiSfam Repyngtom clerks.' To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Leycestre.
?.ea!' » . l 4 r,A • Charta Elizabeth, vxor. Johannis
Camb^ydTfacta W. Innocent. J. Glen & Adae Racy de
duobus cottag. in Deadlane.
602. 1438, 30 Sept. [Morrow of St
Leycestre. Grant an con^ma ^ ^ john Benett. Ralph
Leycestre to John Barw , ' fhorpp, of Leycestre.
Fumes, Roger Sherman Saturday market of
of two messuages lymg together m the Saturday ^ ^
Leycestre, situate between Ralph Humberston on
Forster on E. and the tenement: at: M^Rafeh H ^ ^
W.; of three messuages lying to&. Qn and
between the messuage o 1C ar ^ ^ messuage in
that late of William ^owper ^ the new college
Belgrauegate, situate betwe f Sulby
of St Mary of Leycestre on E and that: oHIre '
on W., and extending from the king s way ro
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warran y.
Witnesses: John Coventre, mayor; John^Nores,
John Church, Thomas Waldgraue, Thomas Chary .
Seal.
iSee No. 570. The charter referred to here is missing. "Weaver.
LEICESTER 343
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Thomae Clarke facta W.
Barwel et alijs de sex messuag. in foro sabbati le Cank &
Belgravegate.
603. 1439 [18 Hen. VI.], 15 Dec. Leycestre. Grant by
Alice, who was the wife of Thomas Grysby, late of Leycestre,
in her pure widowhood and lawful power, to Richard Barlowe
of Leycestre, draper, and Isabel his wife, of a plot of land
lying in Longcroftes in the east suburb of Leycestre, between
the lands late of John Furneys on both sides, and extending
from Barkebylane to the field of the bishop of Lincoln, which
the said Alice, together with the said Thomas, lately had of
the gift and feoffment of John Colyn, late of Leycestre,
corvyser, and Alice his wife1. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Reynold the elder, mayor; Thomas
Hewet, John Benet, deputies of John Nores, bailiff; William
Braunston, Thomas Dere, John Whyttowe, William Maydewell,
of Leycestre.
Seal.
Endorsed : Charta Aliciae que fuit vxor Thomae Grysby
facta Ricardo Barlowe & Isabelle vxori eius in Longcroft.
604. 1441 [19 Henry VI.], 17 August. Groby. Release
and quit-claim by John Stanton of Thorneton, co. Leyc., to
William Barton of Leycester, of all personal actions.
Seal (simple queue).
605. 1441-2 [20 Hen. VI.], I March. Leycester. Grant
by William Sadyngton, abbot of the monastery of St Mary of
the Meadows, Leycester,2 and John Assheby, to Richard
Barlowe and Isabel his wife, of a furlong (quartrona) of land,
which lies between the land late in the tenure of John Colyn
on E., and that late of Richard Thorne on W., and extending
from the street called Barkeby lane to the land of the bishop
of Lincoln;3 the which the grantors had jointly, together with
Richard Hastynges, knight, now deceased, of the gift and
feoffment of John Furneys of Leycester. To hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas Charite, mayor; John Reynold the
younger, deputy of Richard Hotoft, bailiff of the liberty of
'See No. 585. 2Abbot 1420-1442. 3Cf. No. 535.
344 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
the town of Leycester; John Wymondeswold. William
Braundeston, Thomas Deer.
Seals gone. ....
Fndorsed: Charta Willelmi Sadyngton Abbatis Le.c &
lohannis Ashby facta Ricardo Barlowe & Isabelle vxor, sue
de pecia terre inter Barkbylane 6r feodum Ep.scop. Lincoln
606 1443-4 [22 Hen. VI.]. 17 Marcb. Leycestre. Grant
and confirmation by William Clerk of Leycestre yssher to
Ralph Fyssher. otherwise called Ralph Fumes of Leycestre,
draper, and John Moreton of the same, rrmonger of a close
fying in Barkebylane in le Longcroftes. m the eastern suburb
of the town of Leycestre. between the land of TTomas Ysle
and that late of John Colyn. and extendmg from Barkebylane
aforesaid to the land of the bishop of Lincoln . and containing
1200 feet by standard; the which the said William, together
with Maud his wife, now deceased, lately had ofthegifiand
feoffment of John Bower, late vicar of the church of bt
Margaret, Leycestre'. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the
said Ralph and John, and to the heirs and assigns of Ralph.
Warranty.
Witnesses: William Grantham. Braunston
Alexander Vyllers. deputies of Richard Hotoft and
Thomas Meryng. esqq., bailiffs; William Hexham. John
Whittowe. smyth. William Maydewell. John Saunson, smyth.
of Leycestre.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta Willelmi Clerk fact.
Radulpho Fisher alias dicto Radulpho Furness de clauso in
Barkby lane.
607. 1444-5 [23 Hen. VI.]. 13 Jan Leycestre. Gran,
and confirmation by Ralph Fyssher otherwise calledI Rdph
Fumes of Leycestre. draper, and John Moreton of the^same,
irmonger, to Richard Barlowe of Leycestre, draper of a close
lying in Barkebylane in le Longcroftes [described as m No
6061; the which the said Ralph and John had of the gift and
feoffment of William Clerk of Leycestre. fyssher. To hold ot
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
'See No. 598.
LEICESTER 345
Witnesses : William Neweby, mayor; William Braunston,
Alexander Villers, deputies of Richard Hotoft and Thomas
Meryng. esqq., bailiffs; John Benet, John Wymondeswold,
Roger Crysp, John Saunson, smyth, of Leycestre.
Two seals.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Radulphi Fisher alias dicti
Radulphi Furness & Johannis Moreton fact. Ricardo Barlowe
de clauso in Barkbylane.
608. 1445 [24 Hen. VI.], 4 Nov. Leycestre. Delivery and
confirmation by Thomas Kybworth, late vicar of the church
of St Peter, Leycestre, now rector of the church of Reresby,
to Margaret who was the wife of Thomas Scales, late of
Leycestre, of a messuage situate in a lane called le Dedlane
in the parish of St Peter, Leycestre, between the tenement
late of John Russell, and afterwards of William Outhorpp,
coruyser. on W„ and that late of John of Knyghton, now
of William Innocent, on E., and extending in length from
the said lane to the lane called Seyntpeturlane; the which
the said grantor, together with William Nobull and Henry
Gery of Leycestre, now deceased, had of the gift and feoffment
of the said William Outhorpp.1 To hold to the said
Margaret and her assigns for the term of her life, rendering
therefrom yearly to the said grantor a red rose at Midsummer.
Remainder to Simon, son of the said Margaret, his heirs and
assigns, for ever, to hold of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses : Thomas Grene, mayor; William Braunston,
Alexander Villers, deputies of Richard Hotoft and Thomas
Meryng. esqq., bailiffs; Adam Racy, Richard Chaundeler,
grocer, Thomas Grene, draper, Thomas Skyllyngton, tayllour,
of Leycestre.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta Tho. Kybworth nuper
vicar, sancti Petr. Leic. de vno mess, in Deadlane fact. Marg.
relict. Tho. Scales.
609- 1445 [24 Hen. VI ], 4 Nov. Leycestre. Letters of
attorney of Thomas Kybworth. late vicar of the church of
St Peter, Leycestre, and now rector of the church of Reresby,
empowering John Glen, vicar of the said church of St Peter,
'See No. 580.
346 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
to deliver seism to Marg ^ messuage situate in a lane called
Scales, late of Leicester, peter ketween the tenement,
le Dedlane, in the P«IS^ afterwards of William Outhorp
Tom lTa!X "'anTc^d Se^lane.
Lr:dirLd:Ut,attom.TKo.KyWoitllfac,
Margar. Scales Deadlane.
610. 1446 [24 Hen. KM
confirmation by William s y Walter Tottesden of
wyk, clerk1, John Reynold sen and
Leycestre, of a messuage and six cott ^ ^
in Leycestre [described as in ^ Thomas Kybworth
T°ho,d of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty. ^ William
JoHn V^, of Leyce^.
Seal' , , , i .. rharta Willelmi Asty senior, fact.
Endorsed in late hand . Chart gnoldes sen. et
$35 L-
6„. ,446 [24 Hen. W.l. :
of delivery and co"^.mft'^oLsden of Leycestre, to William
Reynold, sen., and Walter To and six cottages
Asty of Leycestre «"'• where<jf the said messuage is
severally situate m Leyce , Richard del Grene on
situate between the sometime the wife of
N. and the shop late ^ g and extends from the
Robert Wyloughby of Leyce ^ Jel Grene. - — < - -
LEICESTER 347
and in breadth between the land late of the said Richard
and the tenements sometime of William of Clyppeston to the
lane called le Frerelane. And one cottage is situate in le
Dedelane, between the tenements sometime of John Derley,
sporyour, on E. and those late of William Braybroke on
W.. and extends from the king's way to the garden late
of Roger Wryght of Thurleston. And two cottages lie in
the said lane called le Dedelane, between the tenements
late of the said William Braybroke on E. and the tenement
late of the said Roger Wryght on W., and extend from the
king's way to the land late of the said Roger Wryght. And
two cottages lie in a lane called Sorelane, between the garden
of the new college of Leycestre on E. and the tenement
of the college of St Mary by the castle of Leycestre on W.,
and extend from the king's way to the garden late of Richard
of Gampston. And one cottage lies in the same lane between
the tenements of the said college of St Mary by the castle on
E. and those late of the said Roger Wryght on W., and
extend from the king's way to the land late of the said
Richard of Gampston on S1. The which premises the
grantors lately had of the gift and feoffment of the said
William Asty. To hold to the said William Asty for the
term of his life, without impeachment of waste, and with
remainder after his decease to William Asty, his son, and
to Margery his wife or to the heirs of their bodies lawfully
between them begotten, to hold of the chief lords, etc.
Reversion, if William the younger and Margery die without
lawful issue, to the grantors and their heirs, to hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Witnesses : Thomas Grene, tapycer, mayor; William
Braunston, Alexander Villers, deputies of Richard Hotoft and
Thomas Meryng, esqq., bailiffs; Adam Racy, William Waldegraue,
Thomas Dalton, jun., Lawrence Bate of Leycestre.
Three seals.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Rog. Fyshwyck, clerici,
Johannis Reignoldes & Walt. Tottesden de vno mess. & sex
cotag. W. Asty sen. rem. W. Asty junior. & Margeriae vx.
eius.
612. 1446 [24 Hen. VI.], 4 June. Leycestre. Indenture
between William Asty of Leycestre, sen., on the one part,
'See Nos. 569. 581.
348 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
and Roger Fysshewyk, clerk, John Reynold, sen., and Walter
Tottesden of Leycestre, on the other, providing. m respect
ottesden o * cottages granted and confirmed by
t aH Wdham to the said Roger, John and Walter, by his
the sard W ^ gajd grantees shall
charter of 24 May, 24 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
teirn of his life, with remainder to William Asty of Leycestre,
1 • tr, Marrrerv his wife, as stated in No. 61 I.
And in caTe that the said William the younger and Margery
die 'without heirs between 'hem lawfully begotp, e
nremises shall be sold and disposed of for the souls of the
aaid William the elder and Joan his w.fe, and of their sons,
parents and benefactors.
Three seals.
M a.... M {££&
feoff, suos de vno mess. & sex ^orc.
quern vsum feoff, existent.
AH 1447 125 H e n . V I . ] , 22 June. Leycestre. Indenture
test tying that Elizabeth Coterell of Chapel in le Fryth co^
Derby, has put Richard Akworth her son apprentice^to John
^^^rnottnderk
without h,s P'eCefptothers without licence of his said master.
Hensehalirr,ot play at dice or any
(f„ V>im«?elf to any without his said master s w
LEICESTER 349
the doubling of his term aforesaid. And the said John shall
diligently teach, handle and inform, or cause the said Richard
to be caught, handled and informed in his arts which he
uses after the best manner that he can or shall know,
chastising him in due wise, and finding for him victuals, linen
and woollen clothing, bedding, and footwear sufficient, and
all other necessaries incumbent upon him for the whole term
abovesaid, as it is seemly that an apprentice of the same
handicrafts should be found therein, according to the use
and custom of the town of Leycestre, and giving him every
year of his said term for his stipend 12d. sterling.
Witnesses : John Benet, mayor of the town of Leycestre;
Williani Biaunston, Alexander Vyllers, deputies of Richard
Hotoft and Thomas Merynge, esqq., bailiffs of the same town,
William Giantham, John Gyles. John Pacy, William Waldegiaue,
of Leycestre.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : And the said John shall find his said apprentice
at the school of letters for an entire year in due manner,
to wit, in the first year of his said term.
614. 1448 [26 Hen. VI.], 5 April. Leycestre. Indented
charter of demise and delivery by master William Walesby,
dean of the new collegiate church of St Mary of Leycestre,
and the chapter of the same1 to Thomas Everyngham, esq.,
Richard Neel, John Norwode, Thomas Farnham, Richard
Braytofte, William Braytofte and Thomas Charyte, of a
messuage situate in Lowesbylane, Leycestre, in the parish
of St Martin, Leycestre, upon the corner of the same lane,
between the highway leading to the Saturday market on S.
and the tenement of the master of St John's, Leycestre, on
N., and extending from Lowesbylane to the tenement of
the abbot of Leycestre on W. To hold to the said grantees
for the term of the life of the said Thomas Charyte, without
impeachment of waste, with remainder, after the death of
the said Thomas, to John Charyte his son, and the heirs
issuing of his body, rendering therefor to the said dean and
chapter a peppercorn, if asked, at Midsummer. Reversion,
if the same John die without heirs of his body, to the same
dean and chapter and their successors.
'Walesby was dean of the Newarke college 1431-1450.
350
CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
William Nub "Adam Racy,' John Benet, Thomas Dalton of
Leycestre.
Seal cut away.
Fndorsed in late hand: Charta indent, magistn decani &
caoitu^coUeg. sancti Marie Thome Charyty et alns. vnius
CJss in Lowesby lane pro redd, gram piperis.
/-1 c ,448 [26 Hen. V I . ] , 24 Aug. Leycestre. Release and rr-rvs.- sasAtsa whifhTe Vi haX has, or may have in future against the
said Roger.
Seal gone.
Endorsed in late hund : Relaxatio omnrum acc.onum per
W. Asty domino Rogero Fyschewyk.
616. ,449 [27 Hen. V,.] ^-^tfTtdo^
Thomas Holme, citizen an gr uetj Richard Randolf of
to Richard Raundu o erwi w kyngeston1, gentylman tsrsassWSs* --—°< personal actions.
Fragment of seal (simple queue).
6,7. 1450 [28 Hem V I . ] I. 20
confirmation by Robert anso , Q,en> vicar of the
Wymondeswold of Leyces re' . g yan Qf Leycester,
church of St Peter, Leycestre, and RobLeycester,
of a garden situate » the St^M-ch ^ y ^
between the close late of Wrlha^ p^P ^ q{
Wykeham, and the lan Savnt Mischellane as far as
Threnkeston, and abutting from Saynt Mischel ^
the gardens of St John, eyc®. , V grantors, together
late of Nicholas Skynner; the which the said gr ^
w,th Ihomas ^f^^feent of Margaret Petelyng,
other gardens, ot the g Petelvng of Leycestre. To
»Wig8ton.
LEICESTER 351
hospital of St John the Evangelist, Leycestre, 4^d. at the
feasts accustomed in Leycestre, for all secular service, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : ^Villiam Braunston, mayor; Richard Hotoft,
esq., bailiff; William Newby, William Grantham, William
Tyell, Richard Sleford, William Browne, of Leycester.
618. 1450 [29 H e n . V I . ] , 23 Dec. Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation by Peter Launder of Leycestre, turnour, to
Thomas Sachewe, chaplain, John Wykham, coruyser, and
John Mathewe, coruyser, of Leycestre, of two messuages
situate together in le Cank, Leycestre, between the garden
of the friars minor on W. and the tenement late of Thomas
Wakefeld, now of {Catherine Clerk, on E., and extending
from the king's way as far as the lord king's land of his duchy
of Lancaster1. Also of a piece of land lying in the parish of
St Michael, Leycestre, between the land of William
Wymondeswold on E. and that of Richard Palet on W., and
extending to that of the said William to the S., and opposite
the said church to N. The which premises the said Peter,
together with Richard Smert, chaplain, and Richard Lyncoln
of Leycestre, coruyser, late deceased, had of the gift and
feoffment of Richard Chaynell, late of Leycestre, couper.
To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses: John Reynold, sen., mayor; Richard Hotoft,
bailiff; William Wymondeswold, Roger Broune, Robert
Scheryngham, William Hynde, Robert Powell.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta Petri Launder fact.
Thome Sacheu capell., Johanni Wykeham et Johanni Mathew
de duobus mess, in Cank & vna pecia terre in paroch. sancti
Michaelis.
619. 1450-1 [29 H e n . V I . ] , 5 Feb. Leycestre. Grant by
William Syeston, vicar of the parish church of All Saints,
Leycestre, and Roger Clement of the same, to John Yoman
of the same, and John Grene of Leycestre, turnour, Peter
Laundyr of the same, John Wyllymot of the same, weyver,
of a garden lying in the crofts of St Michael, Leycestre,
between the land of Alice Breton on E. and that of John
Kesteuon on W., and extending from the land of Robert
'See Nos. 587, 588, 594.
352 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Jo S the which the
Kesteuon on N" l°, ^ J^er whh Thomas Addenet, late of
grantors of feoffment ^ Roger Addenet, late
To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty. , lder> mayor; Richard
H TmS- w£ameW°ym°ndeswold, Richard Yates,
Wm-arn Chaunsey, of Leycestre.
One seal: fragment o t e Rogeri Clement
Endorsed: Charta W. elm. y ^ parochia 8ancti
facta Johanni Grene & alns oe
Michaelis.
620. 1450-1 U9 Hen.
and quitclaim by Margery, whcW^U hp Grene of
Skaresdale, late saml, John Yoman
^the^ame^and'john ^Le^crof^o^sPMicbael,
her right in a garden y8 0reton on JL and that
Leycestre, between the land o d from the land of
Jpss. fcKSt Y- M™
Chaunsey, of Leycestre.
Small fragment of sea . „,oJall cum pertin.; (2)
Endorsed : Johanm Grene et aliis de sc.ts3S=s£*-'
62, 1452 [31 Hen. VI.]. 27 to Robert
confirmation by Williamand John Chap^
Olnev esq., Thomas Charyte cottage situate in le
man ^ Weston the tene-n'of John Glover
Dedelane, Leicester beltw William Asty, and now o
corvvser, on E., and that late ^ wffliam Innocent
the said William l™ocent; ^h f Margaret Breybroke
tcly had of ^^.-TreybtoleL Also of all h.s goo
late the wrfe of Wrlha ne„ oi„ey. The.. U
PWttrW;.te.-.a.No.5«.
LEICESTER 353
and chattels, movable and immovable, living and dead,
which he has in the town and suburbs of Leicestre, or elsewhere
within the realm of England, wheresoever they may
be found. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William Wymondeswold, mayor; William
Hynde, deputy of Richard Hotoft, bailiff; William Neuby,
Ralph Fyssher, Thomas Grene, draper, of Leicestre.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta Willelmi Innocent facta
Roberto Olney & al. de vno cotag. in Dead lane.
622. 1452 [31 Hen. VI.], 27 Oct. Leicestre. Demise and
delivery by William Innocent of Leicestre, John Glen, vicar
of the church of St Peter, Leicestre, and Adam Racy of the
same, to Robert Olney, esq., Thomas Charyte of Leicestre,
and John Chapman of Weston Vnderwode, of two cottages
with the gardens adjoining, situate in the lane called le Dedelane
in Leicestre, between the tenement of Simon Scales,
clerk, on W., and that late of William Asty on E.; the which
the said grantors lately had of the gift and feoffment of
Elizabeth who was the wife of John Cambrygge. Also of a
garden lying behind and contiguous to the gardens of the
said cottages, extending to the lane called Petrelane between
the garden of the said Simon and that of John Reynold,
sen.1 To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses as in the preceding charter, No. 621.
Three seals.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Willelmi Inocent & al. fact.
Roberto Olney & al. de duobus cottag. in Deadlane.
623. 1452-3 [31 Hen. VI.], 13 Jan. Release and quitclaim
by William Innoceynt of Leycestre to Margery, late the wife
of William Asty, late of Leycestre, skynner, who is already
in seisin of two cottages situate in le Dedlane, Leycestre,
between the tenement of the said William Innoceynt, sometime
of William Braybroke, on E., and that of the same
William Innoceynt, sometime of Roger Wright of Thurleston,
on W., and extending from the king's way to the land of the
said Roger Wryght, for the term of her life, with remainder
to Agnes, daughter and heir of the said William [Asty] and
'See No. 601.
354 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Margery, of their bodies lawfully procreate, of all his right
in the premises. .
Endorsed in late hand : Charta relaxac. Wil elmi Innocent
fact. Margerie [Innocent cancelled] & Agneti fil. predictorum
w. & Marg. duorum cott. in Deadlane.
624 1454 [33 Hen. VI.}, 6 Dec. Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation by William Wymondeswold of Leycestre and
Robert Hanson, chaplain, to Robert Brown, late servingman
of the said William, Richard Gyllott, Thomas M®lburne.
and Thomas Sachu, chaplain, of six pieces of land [and]
gardens in Leycestre; of the which one piece of gardens les
in the parish of St Peter, Leycestre between he land of the
gild of Corpus Christi and that of John Pykwell, and extends
from the lane of St Peter to the gardens late of Richard
Chaundeler and Thomas Dalton sen. Another great piece
of land lies in the same parish between the gardens
vicar of St Peter, Leycestre, and late= of William Bekenshawe
on one side, and that late of the said Richard Chaundeler on
the other, and extends from Jayle Halle lane to the and a^
of John Pykwell. And another piece of land lies in the same
parish, between the land of Thomas Bower, late of Richard
Kesteyven, and that of John Bryan and extends fromL Jayle
Halle lane to the closes of William Coper and Richard .
Another piece of garden land hes between the lands a e
Richard Baldok and William Purfray on one side and the
lane which leads from le Jorchemcre to St Michael s church
on the other, and extends from Jayle Halle lane to Sa t
Mighell lane. And another piece of land lies between
land late of John Cook and that of John Belgraue and extends
from le Torchemere to the land of Thomas Grysby Another
piece of land lies in the parish of St Michael between the
land late of William Barbur and the ditch of the town of
Leycestre, and extends from the land of John Lau"cel^elate
of John Barker, to that of Thomas Dalton, sen. To ho d
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas Dalton, jun mayor; Richard
Hotofte, bailiff; Thomas Charite, John Benett, Robert
Bowlott, of Leycestre.
Two seals.
625 1458-9 [37 Hen. V I . ] , 23 Feb. Acknowledgment of
bond by John Glover of Leycestre, coruiser, to Roger
LEICESTER 355
Wygston of Leycestre, marchaunt, in 100 s. payable at the
feast of St John Baptist next.
Condition (endorsed): peaceful possession of a plot of
land lying in the parish of St Peter, Leycestre, between the
land of the mayor and commonalty of the town of Leycestre
on S. and the lane called Petirlane on N., and extending from
the king's way to the land of John Reynold.
Seal gone.
626. 1458-9 [37 Hen. VI.], 5 March. Leycestre. Grant
by Margaret Snerston, daughter and heir of Richard Thome,
in her pure widowhood, to John Drayte of Leycestre,
corioure, of a plot of land lying in the lane called Barkebylane,
between the land of John Reynold the elder on S., and
that of Richard Barlowe on N., and extending from the said
lane to the land of the bishop of Lincoln. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Reynold the elder, mayor; Richard
Hotofte, esq., bailiff; John Gery, Robert Newerk, John
Wylemot, of Leycestre.
Seal.
Endorsed: Charta Margerie Snerton filie et heredis
Ricardi Thorne facta Iohanni Drayte de placea terre in
Barkby lane.
627. 1458-9 [37 Hen. VI.], 5 March, Leycestre. Letters of
Margery Snerston, daughter and heir of Richard Thorne, in
her pure widowhood, appointing Thomas Aide of Leycestre
her attorney to deliver seisin to John Drayte of Leycestre,
corioure, of a plot of land lying in the land called Barkebylane,
between the land of John Reynold the elder on S. and
that of Richard Barlowe on N., and extending from the said
lane to the land of the bishop of Lincoln, according to the
force, etc., of a charter thereof made.
Fragment of seal : simple queue.
Endorsed: Litt. Attornat. Margerie Snerston ad
deliberand. seisinam Johanni Drayte de placea terre in
Barkby Lane.
628. 1459 [37 Hen. VI.], 29 May. Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation by Robert Bryan of Leycestre to Thomas Grene,
356 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
draper and Edmund Tyllet, clerk of two gardens lying
, X whereof one lies in the parish of St Peter Leycestre,
between the land of the master of St John's on E. and that
of Hhn Standyssh on W„ and the other Ires m the parrsh o
St Michael the Archangel, Leycestre, between the land of
Richard Palet on E. and that of W.llram Couper on Wq and
both extend from the king's way called Jaylehallane to the
lane called Saintmighellane. To hold of the chref lords of
the fee, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Reynold the elder rnayor^ Rrchard
Hotofte, esq., bailiff; Robert Rawlot, John Gyles, John Pacy,
of Leycestre.
Seal.
629 1459 [37 Hen. VI.], 20 July. Grant and confirmation
by William Mersshe of Abyndon, draper and hosier, to
Thomas Burley of Couentre, passonger of two cottages
situate together without the south gate of Leycestre, between
the land of the college of the Newarke of Leycestre and the
high way called Milstonlane in breadth, and extending in
length from the king's way to the land of the said college
according to the metes and boundaries there made; the which
Two cottages the said grantor lately had of the gift and grant
of Thomas Baverey, late of Hareborowe , now deceased.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Seal.
630. Same date. Letters of William Mersshe of Abyndon,
draper and hosier, appointing Thomas Whrttakir of Leycjitre
and William Pakynton of the same his attorneys to deliver
seisin to Thomas Burley of Couentre, passonger, of two
cottages situate together without the south gate of Leycestre.
according to terms of charter.
Seal.
631 1460 [39 Hen. VI.]. 27 Sept. Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation by Joan Melburn °f Leycestre, widowdaughte
and heir of Roger Belgraue, Thomas Melburn andAlice
Melburn, the wife of Henry Goldesmyth, children (« and
heirs of the said Joan, to William Hastynges, esq., Robert
1 Market Harborough.
LEICESTER 357
Staunton, 8ent » Roger Wygston, Thomas Burton, Nicholas
Pyngyll, chaplain of a messuage in the parish of St Martin's,
Leycestre, lying between the tenement of the abbot and
convent of St Mary of the Meadows, Leycestre, on the north,
and the lane which leads to the friars minor on S., abutting
upon the churchyard of the parish church of St Martin on E.,
and upon the tenements of John Blauncherd and Thomas
Grene to W. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Wygston, mayor; Richard Hotoft,
bailiff; John Reynold, sen., Thomas Grene, draper, Robert
Rouiot, draper, of Leycestre.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta Johanne Melburn et al'
facta Willelmo Hastinges & aliis de tenemento in cimiterio
sancti Martini.
Three seals.
632. Same date. Bond by Joan Melburn of Leycestre,
Thomas Melburn of the same, spicer, and Henry Elvet of
the same, goldesmyth, to William Wygston of Leycestre
marchaunt, in £20, payable at the feast of St Martin in the
winter next.
Parts of three seals.
m late ^and: Obligatio simplex de xx li. facta
Willelmo Wigston.
r t33'n 1460 *39 HeU" VI^' '° °ct- Leycestre. Grant by
John Grene, tornour, John Yoman and John Willimot of
Leycestre, to William Catte, vicar of All Saints, Leycestre,
and Thomas Saunderson of Leycestre, capper, of a garden
ymg m the crofts of St Michael, Leycestre, between the land
late of Alice Breton on E. and that late of Robert Kesteuon
on W., and extending from the land late of the said Robert
Kesteuon on N. to the lane on S. which the grantors had
of late, with Peter Laundir, deceased, of the gift and feoffment
of William Syeston, vicar of All Saints, and Roger
Uement late of Leycestre, corueser, deceased.1 To hold
or the chief lords, etc.
R- kW^S,fS:n.Rfbert Sheringham, mayor; John Reynold.
Richard Gillot, Robert Grene, John Bawdewyn, of Leycestre.
Three seals.
'See No. 619.
358 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
J • it Unnrl • Charta Johannis Grene & aliorum
Jifl WillelmoCatte & Thorne Saunderson de vno
Gardino in Croiftis Sancti M.chaelis.
M4 1460 29 Oct. [Morrow a) St Simon and St Jade, 39
J 1/ 1 Leicester Release and qu.tcla.m by Roger
Hen. VI.I Leices Belgrave of Leicester, to
Belgrave, son and eir ^ ^ [n a messuage
Round seal. relaxacionis Rogeri
BelJavl°HctarWilfelrnoanWigston de vno messuagio in
cimiterio sancti Martini Leic .
635. ,460 [39 Hen. VI], J°
and qurtclarm by Thomas^^^^ ^ John of the Grene
& SXrthu bis right in
Martin, Leycestre, situate in th g Thomas of
tenement of JohnBlaunchard on NL. ^ ^ £
—of rlbarlr Se
Witnesses : Robert ^fc^ToL ReynoTd d.
^^rfpkceyS.q-'RoW « Roger Wygston of
Leycestre.
636. 1462 [2 Ed.ard IV A, ZOAprT
and'heir o/thn MaieU^rf Leycestre, now deceased, to
1 Apparently the northern part of the tenement of Nos. .
See No. 638.
LEICESTER 359
John Neuton of Leycestre, John Glasier of the same, and
John House, chaplain, of a messuage in Leycestre, situate
in the lane called le Cowelane, and of two cottages situate
together contiguous to the same messuage; the which
premises are situate between the tenement of the said John
Neuton, sometime of Thomas Clerk, on W. and a tenement
in the tenure of Robert Shillingham on E., and extend from
the king s way in length to the land of John Morwod, John
Stanwych and John Drayte on N. 1 o hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Robert Rowlot, mayor: William Wygston;
Peter Curteys, bailiff; William Lemyngton, John Charite,
Thomas Edlyn, Thomas Palet, of Leycestre.
Two seals.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Iohannis Hatfield &Edithae
vxoris eius filie & heredis Iohannis Maiell facta Iohanni Newton
& aliis de messuagio & duobus Cottagiis in Cowlane.
637. Same date. Leycestre. Letters of John Hatfield of
Coventre and Edith his wife, appointing Richard Reynold
of Leycestre and Thomas Edlyn of the same their attorneys
to deliver seisin to John Neuton of Leycestre, John Glasier
of the same, and John House, chaplain, of a messuage in
Leycestre, situate in the lane called le Cowelane, and of two
cottages situate together contiguous to the same messuage;
the which premises are situate between the tenement of the
said John Neuton, sometime of Thomas Clerk, on W. and a
tenement in the tenure of Robert Shillyngham on E.
One seal : fragment of another.
Endorsed in late hand : Littera attornat. Johannis Hatfield
et Edithae vxoris eius fact. Johanni Newton et aliis de mess,
et. duobus cottag. in Cow Lane.
638. Same date. Leycestre. Indenture testifying that,
whereas Thomas of the Grene of Leycestre, husbondman,
has granted and confirmed by charter to John of the Grene,
his son, and his heirs a tenement in the parish of St Martin's,
Leycestre, the said John wills and grants by these presents,
for himself his heirs and executors, that he and they shall pay
or cause to be paid to Thomas of the Grene, son and heir
of the said Thomas, or to his certain attorney, 12d. lawful
money at three terms of the year usual in the town of
360 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
i And that the said Thomas and
Leycestre by equal poj ^ ^ through and within
his heirs shall have tr tQ repair his messuage
the tenement of the gamc j0bn or his heirs; [so that,
without any ^!nsay,ng h gaid John and his heirs, according
°n tVce Tc o\ a Charter made thereupon, may have
Tnd possess the said tenement1.
Part of seal. Concessio annui reddit. per
fuit eiusdem Thome.
638a. Counterpart of the aame, with seal.
639. .462 [2 Edu, IV.]. 20 Feb. ££by
John Drayte of ^^^^land lying in the^necahed
Leycestre, draper, ot a pio Reynold on S., and
Badcebylane, between the ^d of flom the sa.d
fhat Z1 randRoT thfbishop' of Lincoln.' To hold of the
chief lords of the fee. etc. Warranty. ^ ^ ^
RicWd"Y%: JotRoS £S£ Newerk, of Leycestre.
Endorsed in l a t e hand ^
Ricardo Barlowe de placea terre in bark
r- j n/1 10 March. Indenture (English)
640. 1463-4 [ 4 E d w . W - * ' £ Levcestre, husbondman,
between Thomas Grene t witnessing that the
and Thomas Grene.thei younger h ^ ^ ^ Thomas the
said Thomas the elder has le q{ Uyce3tre, with
younger a mesee lying in g meadoW> pasture and
3 yards of lands in Brunky g a -bownd carte' with horses
close thereto belongl"g' h id Thomas the younger shall
belonging thereto; so that t ^ the elder> between this
pay or cause to be pai . ^ wbeat, and at
date and Michaelmas nex Candlemas next 6s. 8d and
Michaelmas next 6s. 8 ., ^ witb three quarters of malt
Id'racrToTwhest growing of the best, which the sard
>Cf. No. 636. 'See Nos. 626. 627.
LEICESTER 361
Thomas the elder shall choose during the first year; and in
the second year the said 7 homas the younger shall pay or
cause to be paid to the said Thomas the elder 23s. 4d. at
three times in the year as before rehearsed by even portions,
with three quarters of malt and the acre of wheat as before
written; and so from year to year during the life of the said
Thomas the elder. And the said Thomas the elder shall have
in the same place a chamber, with the parlour under the
chamber, and a kitchen with 16 feet of void ground to build,
or else to make a hovel upon. And the said Thomas the
elder shall have free going in and out into the close to gather
him herbs when it please him. To this covenant the said
Thomas the elder binds himself to Thomas the younger in
40s. lawful money of England.
Witnesses: John Benyson, Peers Lythell, Mills Water.
Fragment of seal : simple queue.
641. 1464 [ 4 E d w . I V . ] , 15 August. Leycestre. Demise
and delivery by Edmund Tyllet, clerk, to John Yoman of
L.eycestre, Thomas Malorye of Whatton, gentylman, Henry
Belgraue, gentylman, William Ymber of Sapcote, gentylman,
and Thomas Sachowe of Leycestre, chaplain, of two gardens
lying together, whereof one lies in the parish of St Peter,
Leycestre, between the land of the master of St John's on
E. and that of John Standyssh on W., and the other lies
in the parish of St Michael the Archangel, Leycestre, between
the land late of Richard Palet, now of Thomas Palet, on E.
and that of William Couper on W.; and both extend from
the king's way called Jaylehallane to the lane called Sanctmighellane.
1 To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses : John Reynold, mayor; Peter Curteys, bailiff;
William Wyggeston, Robert Rowelot, William Holbeche,
Thomas Joye, Thomas Palet, of Leycestre.
Seal.
642. Same date. Letters of Edmund Tyllet, clerk, appointing
Thomas Joye and Thomas Barbour of Leycestre his
attorneys to deliver seisin to John Yoman of Leycestre,
Thomas Malorye of Whatton, gentylman, Henry Belgrave,
gentylman, William Ymber of Sapcote, gentylman, and
'See No. 628.
362 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
( I f»vrestre chaplain, of two gardens lying
Thomas S^howe of y ^ ^£ ^ gt peter, Leycestre,
ir^^- thepansh of St Michael.
Seal.
6 4 3 . 1 4 6 4 [ 4 Edw. iv.) £fiz
and quitclaim by Mau a a ey ^ yoman Df Leycestre,
widowhood and law.f" ? ' gentylman, Henry Belgraue,
Thomas Malorye o of Sapcote, gentylman, and
gentylman, William chaplain, of all her right in
Thomas Sachowe of Leycest^ ^ parish of St Peter,
tWo gardens lying toge , master of St John's,
Leycestre, better. theMW £^ndyssh on W„ and
Leycestre, on E., an Michaelt Leycestre, between the
the other in the parish of St Mxhae^ y palet) on £., and
land late of Richard Pa et now extending from the
K W called Sanctmyghel-
1306Witnesses: John Re^d^LmSech^oi
William Wyggeston, Robert Kowelot,
Leycestre.
Seal.
;rL ,464t
to John
in Leycestre, situate in th P and convent of
tenement of John CoHt^h£of the^ ^ ^
the monastery of St Mary earden late of Thomas
extending from the king s w y grant0r, together with
Twe; the which l deceased,
Thomas Burton and Wi ha J Jd 8tiH surviving,
and John Hayton, chapbmjndPW^
5s!ynhow aTo ^\to^tLcotfhttdrva:wCSLS
Reversion tolhe right Heirs of John Erneshy, late
of Leycestre. Curtevse, bailiff;
of Leycestre-
Seal.
LEICESTER 363
645. 1466 [6 Edw. IV.], 4 June. Leycester. Release and
quitclaim by Roger Belgraue, son and heir of John Belgraue,
whilom of Leycester, to William Hastynges, sometime esq.,
now lord of Hastynges, kt., Robert Staunton, gentilman,
Roger Wygston and Thomas Burton, of his right in a messuage
in the parish of St Martin, Leycester, situate between the
tenement of the abbey and convent of St Mary of the meadows
of Leycester on N,, and the lane that leads to the friars minor
on S., i«nd abutting upon the churchyard of the parish church
of St Martin to E. and upon the tenement of John Blaunchard
and Thomas Grene to W.1 Warranty.
Witnesses: Peter Curtes, bailiff; Robert Scheringham,
Robert Rawlot, Richard Yates, William Lemyngton, of
Leycester.
To the date is added : in tempore maioratus predict!
Rogeri Wygston.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta Rogeri Belgrave facta
Willelmo Hastings et aliis de messuagio parcella nunc scitus
hospitalis.
646. 1469 [9 Edw. IV.], 23 October. Leycestre. Demise,
grant and confirmation, indented, by Robert Rawlot, John
Yoman, John Mey, John Douell, Peter Wynwode, Ralph
Beryngton, William Greneham, Richard Clement, and John
Marche of Leycestre, to Alice, wife of William Whitowe of
Leycestre, smyth, of a messuage situate in the parish of St
Martin's, Leycestre, without the east gate, in a street called
Galowtregate, between the messuage late of John Clark, now
of John Yoman, on S., and that of the dean and chapter of
the college of blessed Mary of the Newarke of Leycestre on
N., and extending from the said street to the messuage of the
fraternity of the gild of Corpus Christi on W.; the which
messuage the said grantors lately had of the gift and feoffment
of the said William Whitowe. To hold of the chief lords,
etc., for the term of her life, with remainder and reversion,
after the decease of the said William and Alice, to the heirs
lawfully begotten between them, and, in the case of no such
heirs, to Alice, daughter of the said William, and the heirs
of her body lawfully begotten. And, if the said Alice the
daughter die without such heir, the said messuage shall be
sold and disposed of for the health of the souls of the said
1See No. 631.
364 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
William and Alice hi* wife, hi, father and mother, and all
Richmd Gyllot, John Willimot, of Leycestre.
No seal.
647. ,469 19 EdM >2 N-Wcestre. RHease and
quitclaim Wygston of Leycestre, merchant, and
chaplain, to William # ii tu ir right in a messuage in
Thomas ^-Mtr Leycel^tuagte in the lane called
the parish of S>t Martin, y together contiguously
le Cowlane. and in two cu°ttagK",8lt^ut° e and cottages are
to the same messuage, t e w Newton, sometime of iT" loX t ITS IS S- 4 *r
length to the land late the said John
-X^hLr of John Maiel.
Willimot, Richard Randall.
One seal • fragment of another.
in Cowlane.
648, 1470 [10 Edu,. IV.l. 20
by William Catte, vicar of the £urch ^ Thoma8 Davy cf
and Thomas Saunderson ^the^s ^ ^ ^ ^ Michael
Leycestre, grocer, g Alice Breton on E. and
Leycestre, between the land late extending from
that late of Robert Kef'" Kerte'uon on N. to the lane
towards' the^0 ToUd to the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
iSee Nos. 636, 637. 2See Nos. 619. 633.
LEICESTER 365
Witnesses: Peter Curteys, bailiff; Nicholas Bacon,
Richard Clement, of Leycestre.
One seal: fragment of the other.
Endorsed : Charta Willelmi Catte & Thomae Saunderson
de predicto Gardino facta Thomae Davye.
649. 1470-1, 2 Feb. [Purification of St Mary, 49 Hen. VI.].
Delivery, grant and lease by indenture, by Thomas Grene,
late of Leycestre, the elder, fraunkeleyn, and Thomas Grene
of the same, the younger, son of the said Thomas, to John
Dawes of Leycestre, miller, of a piece of meadow outside the
town of Leycestre, in the meadow called le Mawryholmes,
lying between the meadow of John Danet on both sides, and
extending to the water called le Pauer pole towards W. To
hold, for money paid in hand, to the said John and his assigns
for twenty years from the date of these presents. Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert Rawlot, Roger Wygston, John
Persons, John Vyncent, John Eyryk, of Leycestre.
Part of seal.
650. 1470-1 [49 Hen. VI., ' redempcionis sue regie potestatis
anno primo'], 20 March. Leycester. Grant and confirmation
by Isabel Barlowe, who was the wife of Richard Barlowe,
in her pure widowhood and lawful power, and by John
Barlowe, son and heir of the said Richard, to Richard Gyllot
of Leycester, grocer, and Amy his wife, of a close in the
eastern suburb of the said town, lying between the land of
John German of Cosyngton on E., and [the land] whilom
of Thomas Ysle and the land of John Reynold on W., and
extending from the king's way called Barkbylane towards the
land of the bishop of Lincoln; the which close was sometime
divided into three parts.1 To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert Shirryngham, mayor; Robert Rowelot.
John Frysley, John Reynold, William Holbech.
'Richard Barlowe's property in Barkby lane appears to have consisted of
fow pl°ts, viz. : (1) the plot mentioned in Nos. 585, 603, purchased in 1439
of Alice Grysby; (2) Nos. 535, 605, purchased in 1441-2 of abbot Sadyngton
uii h? Assheby: (3) Nos- 562. 584, 596, 598, 606, 607, purchased in
1444-5 of Ralph Fyssher or Furnes and others; and (4) Nos. 626, 639,
purchased in 1462-3 of John Drayte. The relative positions of these plots
are not to be identified with certainty, and the orientation of (4) does not
agree with that of the other three.
366 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Two seals. fKarta Isabelle Barlowe et
JohSL^ -trt0C^t de daUSo in Barkby
lane.
65,. date. ^olood 3
the wife of Richard ar o ' §on ancj ^eir Qf the said
lawful power, and o J°J? pj t to deliver seisin to
Richard, empowering Tfhom*So™ and Amy his wife, of a
Richard Gillot of Ley^eS^r'f th \d town, according to the £f.£* sffi sS it ri.»*.—
SEAL* , • 1 . U A. 1 itt' attornat' Isabelle Barlowe et
]oir^— seiainam Ricardo CyUott
de clauso in Barkby Lane.
652. ,47, [/' Ed*. IV1.
and quitclaim by Jo n oman, Jbomas Sachowe of
in a lane called le Jayle halle lane.
Four seals (one a fragment).
653. ,472 [12 E«to. /VI. 20 -d
confirmation by Rob ert q{ Leycester, merchaunt,
Agnes his wife, to K°8e* yJ draper of a barn with a
and Thomas Swyke oof St Peter,
garden annexed there , y between the land some-
Leycester in a lane «»ed ^rrktoe.^ of the hospital of St
time of John Base on ^ ^ ^ caUe(j Kirk,ane on
John, Leycester, o •• Thomas Maundeuill and the
s.. and the land sometime of I homas 1^ ^ ^
land sometime of John Wrag Y ' Furnesse, late of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
iSee Nos. 641—643.
LEICESTER 367
Witnesses: Robert Raulot, John Reynold, William
Holbech, Richard Gyllot, John Wygston, John Wyllimot,
Thomas Palett, of Leycester.
Dated : in tempore maioratus predicti Rogeri Wygston.
Two seals.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Roberti Sawer et vxoris
eius facta Rogero Wygston et Thomae Swyke de orrio et
gardino in Kyrklane.
654. 1473 [13 Edw. IV], 15 Nov. Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation by William Chaynell of Leycestre to Alan Sauey,
chaplain, John Wyllimot, and John Roberdis of Leycestre,
draper, of two messuages situate together in le Canke,
Leycestre, between the garden of the friars minor on W. and
the tenement of Thomas Wygston on E., and extending from
the king's way to the king's land of his duchy of Lancaster;
the which premises the said William lately had of the gift and
demise of Thomas Sachewe, chaplain.1 To hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert Raulot, mayor; Peter Curtes, bailiff;
Robert Sheringham, Roger Wygston, John Reynold, William
Holbech, John Dawes.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta Willelmi Chaynel fact.
Alano Sauey capell. Johanni Willimot & Johanni Roberdes
duorum mess, in le Cank.
655. Same date. Leycestre. Letters of attorney of
William Chaynell of Leycestre, draper, empowering Symon
Beke and 1 homas Roberdes of Leycestre, jointly and
severally, to enter into two messuages, situate in le Canke,
Leycestre, between the garden of the friars minor on W. and
the tenement of Thomas Wygston on E., and extending from
the king s way to the king's land of his duchy of Lancaster,
and to deliver seisin thereof to Alan Sauey, chaplain, John
Wyllimot, and John Roberdis of Leycestre, draper, according
to the force, etc. of the charter of the said William.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand: Lit. attornat. facta per W.
See No. 618. Thomas Sachewe's charter is missing.
368 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Cheynel ad deliberand. seisinam duorum mess, in le Canke
Alano Sauey & al.
656. 1477 [17 Edu). IV], 24 May. Acknowledgment of
bond by Henry Badeley of Colshull in Ardern, co. Warwick,
tayllour, and Agnes his wife, daughter and heir of William
Asty, late of Leycestre, to John Wygston of Leycestre, in
£40, to be paid at Michaelmas following.
Seals gone.
Endorsed : (1) The condicyon of this obligacyon is suche
that if so be that herry Badeley and Agnes his wyf withyn
bounden or any of their heires in any tyme comyng herafter
vex troble or do to be vexed or trobled be any manere meane
John Wygston withyn writen or his heires or assignes of and
for certeyn tenementes the whiche the forseid John Wygston
has bought of the forseid Harry and Agnes in Leycestre as in
a deade made by theym to the saide John more pleynly
appereth that then this obligacyon stande in his strenketh
and vertu or elles be had for voyde.
(2) In later hand : Obligat* Henr' Badeley & uxor" eius
loh'i Wigston.
657. 1477 [17 Edu). IV], 30 May. Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation by Henry Badeley of Colshull in Ardern, co.
Warwick, tayllour, and Agnes his wife, daughter and heir
of William Asty, late of Leycestre, to John Wygston, Roger
Wygston, Ralph Pecche, and Richard Preston, all of
Leycestre, of all the lands, etc., of the said grantors in the
town and suburb of Leycestre.1 1 o hold to the said John,
Roger, Ralph and Richard, and the heirs and assigns of the
same John, of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Peter Wynewode, mayor; Peter Curteys,
bailiff; William Holbeche, John Parsons, John Robardes,
John Frysley, John Welymot, John Albon.
One seal: one gone.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Henr. Badely et Agn. vx.
eius fil. et hered. W. Asty : de omnibus terr. et tent, suis
redd, et reuersion. in villa Leic. aut suburb, fact. Johanni
Wigston et aliis.
'See Nos. 610—612.
LEICESTER
658. Same date. Levee 369
Badeley of Colshuil in ArdVrn co"w ol
Agnes his wife, daughter and hen' ' fy,loUr' and
Leicester empowering R;r „d n' W.lham Asty, late of
coniuncttm et diuisim, tr lel,Ver "dy ' and, J°hn BWlyng.
Roger Wygston Ralph Pecche " ""'"Wr, Wygston,
Leicester, of all the lands, etc n?1 cWd Presto". all of
of Leycestre or in the suburb of °L ® graMors in town
force, etc., of a charter thereof mad ' £ aCCOrdinS '° the
Witnesses: Peter Wvn i ° 8ame •'oiln' etc.
bailiffi William Holbeche JohTp "T" P<*« Curteys
Fry,ley. John Welymot, john Albon"™' J°hn Robard«. John
Two seals.
Endorsed in late hand • L.V
vxons ems ad deliberandum seis na^'f ?Cnrici B*deley et
al„. terrarum et tenementorum Z lTc' i T' LWiSston *
CJC et suburbiis.
659. 1478 [17 £dw. IV1 | A„
and c o nfirmation by Alan skyue ofL Uycestre• Demise
William Bekyngham of the !ai chaplain. and
Wygston, Roger Wygston and John' W ' '° Thomaa
of a messuage in Leycestre, lying beL 8?0"' merchaunts
Swyne,market and Shepemarkef • T"". m«hets called
between the tenement of john ^" ^ ' ?d in hreaAh
of Corpus Christi; and of three «!? •*". tha' of 'he gild
one garden ,n the tenure of Robert Shvl'" Ifycestre. to wit,
the tenure of John Wylymote Z•^yngham' and two in
Cowelane, between f y,ng next a lane mil j
i£SX2iT . fe
Two seals.
•• X C.°!SS
'&• No. 578.
370 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
. no r i a Prim IV1 1 Dec. Confirmation, release
660. 1478 [18 ^m^Uteley, late of Woluey', gentiland
quitclamr y Roger Wygston and John
man, to messuage in Leycestre lying
Wygston, marc aun gwynsmarket and Shepesmarket
between the lohn Belgraue on one side and
«*«
those or the g PVrestre to wit, one in the tenure
and o f three gardens m Leycestre, to^ ^ ^
$££ ^rWyg^ oHot^X1 end
Sr7e8ne(l8CUEdw' IV) Alan Sayue, chaplain, and William
Belcyngham gUnted to the said Thomas, Roger and John
to hold for ever.
vnacum relaxacione eiusdem 1 home.
Ml 1480 1 July [Octaves of St John Baptist 20 Edw. IVJ.
bo I. IHOU, i J y i k^frtrp Thomas Bryan, Richard
Westminster. Final concord, Qichard Neel, justices,
Chokke, Thomas S'U'miff and Thomas Halle, esq. and cS"ha~l. U V jfjW-gZ& ti EST;irsf* -• — gives to the deforciants £20 sterling.
661A. Counterpart of same.
Margaret, Leycestre, caJled Normandye, Qn R ia-srs SSKS -b«-rbrs
iWolvey, Warwicks., 8 miles N.E. of Coventry.
LEICESTER 371
Witnesses : John Wygston, mayor; Peter Curteys, bailiff;
Richard Preston, John Albon, Nicholas Mason.
Two seals.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Ricardi Fraunceys & vxoris
eius facta Willelmo Reignold de Crofto vocato Normandye.
663. Same date Leycestre. Letters of Richard Fraunceys
of Hauerbergh, co. Leic., yoman, and Elizabeth his
wife, who was the wife of Henry Leycestre, appointing
Robert Croft, deputy of Peter Curteys, bailiff of Leycestre,
their attorney, to deliver seisin to William Ryngold of
Leycestre of a croft situate in the parish of St Margaret,
Leycestre, called Normandye, between the land of the new
college of St Mary, Leycestre, on N., and that of Richard
Mapurley on S.,and extending towards a little way called
'a commen balk' on W., and the great field on E.
Witnesses : John Wygston, mayor; Peter Curteys, bailiff;
Richard Preston, John Albon, Nicholas Mason.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Litt' Attornat' Ricardi Fraunceys
et vxoris eius ad deliberandum seisinam Willelmo Reignold,
de Crofto vocato Normandye.
664. 1480-1 [20 Edw. IV], 4 Jan. Leycestre. Grant by
William Ryngold of Leycestre, to Thomas Kebeel, Thomas
Totheby, and John Peny, cardmaker, of a croft situate in
the parish of St Margaret, Leycestre, called Normandye,
between the land of the new college of St Mary, Leycestre!
on N. and that of Richard Mapurley on S., and extending
towards a little way called 'a commen balk' on W., and the
great field on E. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Wygston, mayor; Peter Curteys, bailiff;
Richard Preston, John Albon, Nicholas Mason.
Seal gone.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Willelmi Ryngold facta
home Kebel & aliis de Crofto vocato Normandye.
665. 1481 [21 Edw. IV], 20 June. Leycestre. Release
and quitclaim by William Burdet, late of Leycestre, and John
y of the same, mercer, to Thomas Davy of Leycestre,
grocer, of all their right in a messuage situate upon the corner
372 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
j Humbeistongate, without the east gate
in Galowtr egate an between the tenement late
W^omasCDavyeS. a nd feoffment of Robert Chrrch,
late of London, grocer. WL— . 1 . - ~?'iZ s.tST bailiff; Robert Shenngham, John Persons, j ^
Fndorsed • (R Thomas Dauye of Leicestr
(2) Relaxacio WUlelmi Burdytt *
, n/l II Nov (St Martin the bishop),
666. l48lrl2,nt by NicHolas Bakon of Leycestre fyssher,
Leycestre. Grant by clerk1, of a piece of land in
to Walter Dyetson of ey , ^ & Belgraue
the east suburb of Leycestre Y g ^ £^ and
gate, between the land of 1the coUe®e ^ Qn w
the land of the said ic o ' Qn jsj_ to Barkeby lane
and extending from the sa , ^ ^ • t^e said suburb,
towards S. Also of another on E„ and
lying between the land extending from Belgrauethat
late of Thomas He on W., and lie. The which
gate to the land late of t e sai -William Beuer, had
pieces the said Nicholas ^ oT Nicholas Coke, late of
of late of the gift and Also of a piece of
Leycestre, fyssher, am^ lying between the land late
land in Longe Crofts, Ley . ^ ^ the dean and
of John Palmer of Cro* chu'rch of St Mary, Leycestre,
chapter of the new co g extending from
now in the tenure> of 1 ® & ^ bishop of Lincoln, the which
Barkeby lane to theheldofthe brshop ^ ^
the chief lords, etc.
Warranty. p~t,»r Curteys, bailiff;
Wrll^HH^ech^^WRoCrdes, Thomas Totheby, of
Leycestre.
rcfl1. the" <o„,e .ad pr^d.ry of the
1476-1506.
LEICESTER 373
Endorsed : Feoffamentum Nicholai Bakon fact. Waltero
Dyetson Clerico de tribus peciis terre in Belgravegate.
667. 1482, 25 April [Sf Mark the evangelist, 23 Edw. IV]*.
Leycestre. Grant by Emmot Bakon, sometime the wife of
William Wright, and late the wife and relict of Nicholas
Bakon, late of Leycestre, in her pure widowhood and lawful
power, to Thomas Burn, Bartholomew Lyon, Richard Erdyngton,
and John Burnysshton of Leycestre, skynner, of three
gardens lying together in the town of Leycestre, whereof
two lie together in the parish of St Peter, Leycestre, between
the land late of St John s Leycestre, now of the dean and
chapter of the collegiate church of St Mary of the Newarke,
Leycestre, on E. and the land of Thomas Bower on W., and
extending from Jeyall lane on S. to the close and lands of
Thomas Palett and William Couper; and the other garden lies
in the parish of St Michael, Leycestre, between the land of
Thomas Palett and that of William Couper; the which
premises the said Emmot of late had, together with William
Wryght, sometime of Leycestre, her husband, now deceased,
of the gift and feoffment of William Ymber of Sapcote,
gentylman." To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Penney, mayor; Peter Curteys, bailiff;
William Holbech, John Roberdes, Peter Wyndewode, of
Leycestre.
Piece of seal.
668. 1483 [/ Rich. Ill], 26 July. Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation by Thomas Innocent of Leycestre, bellfounder,
to John Wyggeston, Robert Croft, and Thomas Hurst,
puterer, all of Leycestre, of all his lands, etc., in the town
and suburbs of Leycestre. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Roger Wyggeston, deputy of Peter Curtes,
mayor; John Roberdys, William Holbech, Peter Wynwod,
John Alboon, of Leycestre.
Seal.
'There is an error in the date, as the 23rd year of Edward IV. ended
on 9th April, 1483. But the right date is undoubtedly 22 Edw. IV.,
as the names of the mayor and bailiff indicate.
See No. 652, which relates to two out of the three gardens. William
Ymber s charter is missing.
374 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
I X u ~ A . C h a r t a T h o m e I n o c e n t f a c t a
—terrarum & ten-in
villa & suburbns de Leic.
xi u T/7/1 ?4 Feb. Indenture [English]
669. 1485-6 [/ Hen ]. L egtre> squier, and John
between John RoberC rchaunt Whereas the said John
Wygston of Le,yceS 'f£80 whereof he was paid on 2 Feb.,
Roberdes, for the sum of £80. aei111, of dede and
1484-5 (feast of the Pun c . ^ john wygston
not of right kmg of Englond set without the
a gIound ^Yeycestre, between the Walker lane on S. and
north gate of Leycestre^ ^ extending from a comme
'the commen ballke on is noW agreed that,
way -^"'he wt10 Sh7s\°e"s or' assigns, pay or cause
if the said John Koberd , w bis heirs or assigns,
to be paid to the said John Wygston ^ ^ ^ ^
£20 at the feast of the Pun^ca ion ^ and £20 at
feast of the Punficatlion llowing then after, all bargains
the feast of the Punficatuo ^ ^ tKege presents
and covenants made e, ,, be void provided always that,
LTaroftcW payment, the said John Wygston shall have
right of entry.
Portion of seal.
„ H e n . « i ' i s r i
litrs-s r• -'• "2
S w » < « » a " ' * " " ™ "
i.,. ,omm > tf
& Jo. Roberdes filii fact. Johann. Wygston.
.488-9 HHen VT/1,2 ]
[English] of delivery and demise at farm by j , of his
£,.? auditor of the king • S 'he duchy
duchy of Lancaster, by , , evcester, by the said
aforesaid, to William Shi yng am Horsfeyre, lying between
counsel, of a croft m Leycester m le H Y Roberds
the land of William Sh^-^ £ N„ ^nd lending
on S., and abutting up Mary, Leycester on W.,
from the land of the Newarke of bt Mary,
LEICESTER 375
the which croft was of late in the tenure of Robert Shellyngham,
father of the said William, now deceased. To hold
for the term of forty years from Michaelmas next, rendering
to the king, his heirs, their ministers or assigns for the time
being, four shillings at Michaelmas; with right of re-entry
by the king, etc., if sufficient distraint cannot be found, for
half a year's arrears of rent. The said William shall repair
and enclose the premises during the said term at his own
expense, and shall leave them so repaired and enclosed.
Seal gone.
Endorsed: Indentura pro termino Annorum expirat'
facta per Auditor em & Consilium Domini Regis Ducatus
Lancastrie Willelmo Shyllingham.
672. 1490 [6 Hen. VII], 4 Oct. Leycestre. Grant
and confirmation in her pure widowhood by Alice Breteigne
of the city of Coventre to Thomas Palet of Leycestre, draper,
of a garden lying in Leycestre in the parish of St Michael
between the land late of John Roberdes on W. and the lane
which leads towards Blankewell on E., and the land of the
dean and chapter of St Mary close on N. and the king's way
on S. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Roger Tryg, mayor; Robert Orton, bailiff;
William Pekeshall of Leycestre.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta Alicie Bretaygne fact.
Thomae Palet de Gardino in Croftis sancti Michaelis.
673. Same date [attached to foregoing]. Letters of the
same Alice, appointing John Wase and John Assheby of
Leycestre her attorneys to deliver seisin of the premises.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Litt. Attornatt. Aliciae Breteign
ad deliberand. seisinam Thome Pallett de Gardino sancti
Michaelis.
674. 1494 [9 Hen. VII], 7 May. Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation by John Roberdys of Leycestre, sen., to John
Wygston of the city of Coventre, merchant, William Wygston
his son, and Richard Gillot of Leycestre, of two messuages
situate together in le Canke, Leicester, between the garden
of the friars minor on W. and the tenement of Thomas

on E., and extend.ng from the fang a way to the
king's land of his duchy of Lancaster; the wh.ch the sa.d John
Roberdys, together with Alan Sauey, chaplam and John
Willymot, deceased, lately had of the grft and feoffment o
William Chaynell, late of Leycestre, draper. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert Croft, mayor; Robert Orton, bailiff;
Thomas Swyke.
Seal. nil
Endorsed in fufe hand : Charta Johannis Roberdes sen,or.
fact. Johanni Wygston merest. W. Wygston 61. erasd.
Johannis & Ricardo Gillott de duobus mess, in le Cank.
675 1495 [10 Hen. Vll], I July. Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation by John Roberdys of Leycestre, sen to Roger
Wigston of the same, merchant, of a garden m the crofts of
St Michael, Leycestre, between the land late of Alice Breton,
now of Thomas Palet, on E„ and that late of Robert Kesteuon
on W. and N„ and the lane in the same place to S the which
the said John lately had of the gift and feoffment of Thomas
Davy of Leycestre grocer." To hold of the chief ords, etc.
Warranty. Appointment of John Assheby of Leycestre
grocer, as grantor's attorney, to take and deliver seisin of
the premises.
Witnesses : Thomas Hurst, mayor; Robert Croft. Thomas
Swyke, Richard Gillot, William Hill.
Seal. ,
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Johannis Roberds facta
Rogero Wigston de gardino in Croift. sancti Michae s.
676 1495 [ I I H e n . V I I ] , 7 Oct. Leycestre. Grant
and confirmation by Robert Waldegraue, late
taillour, to Walter May of the same, mercer, of 2s. and t
hens of yearly rent in the south suburb of Leycestre, Pafab
at the terms usual in Leycestre. to wit, from a messuage next
the tenement of the dean and canons of the collegiate churc
of the iTwarke of Leycestre on S. and the cottages of William
Fresley of^Leycestre. • To hold to the said Walter, his hens
and assigns, freely, etc. Warranty.
iSee Nos. 654, 655. 2See No. 648. Thomas Davy's charter is missing.
3See No. 582.
LEICESTER 377
Witnesses: Andrew Langton, mayor; Robert Orton,
bailiff; William Fresley of Leycestre.
Seal.
677. 1495-6 [// Hen. VII], Leicestre. Grant and confirmation
by Thomas Grene of Leycestre, fraunkelyn, to
Thomas Hervy and Nicholas Mason of Leicestre, mercers,
and Robert Brystall of Bruntyngthorp, of all his lands and
tenements, etc., in the town of Leicestre, Bruntingthorp and
the fields of the same, or elsewhere in co. Leicestre1. To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Andrew Langton, mayor; Roger Wigston,
William Rowlat, of Leicestre.
Seal gone.
678. 1495-6, 6 Feb. Leicestre. Delivery and demise by
Thomas Hervy of Leicestre, Nicholas Mason of the same,
mercers, and Robert Bristall of Bruntingthorp the younger,
to Thomas Grene of Leicestre, frankelin, and Agnes his wife,
of all those lands, tenements, etc., which the said grantors
had of the gift and feoffment of the said Thomas Grene. To
hold to the said Thomas Grene and to Agnes his wife in
survivorship for the term of their lives, of the chief lords,
with remainder to William Grene their son and the lawful
heirs of his body, and successive remainder to Robert Grene
their son and the lawful heirs of his body.
Witnesses : Andrew Langton, Roger Wigston, William
Rowlat, of Leicestre.
679. 1496 [12 Hen. VII], 13 Dec. Leicestre. Grant
and confirmation by Thomas Palet of Leicestre, one of the
burgesses of the said town, to Thomas Burges of Qweneborugh,
2 Richard Calton of Leicestre, and Bartholomew Lyon
of the same, of a piece of land lying in the parish of St
Michael, Leicestre, between the land of the said Bartholomew
on W. and that of sir Alexander Atkynson, chaplain, on E.
and the land of Thomas Preston on S. and the king's way on
N. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William Rowlat, mayor; Robert Orton,
bailiff; Robert Croft, Richard Gillot, of Leicestre.
'See Nos. 543, 549, 563, 589. ?Queniborough.
378 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Seal gone.
Endorsed : S. Michaelis.
680 1501 [16 Henry V I I ) . 20 May. Leycestre. Grant
and confirmation by Bartholomew Lyon of Leycestre to
Walter May of three gardens lying together m the panshes o
J * - , - * * ' n a . " " * J 3 S 5 S S & B
WaTter and his assigns of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William Gybson, mayor; Robert Orton,
bailiff; Richard Gyllot.
Seal (fragment).
Endorsed: Barteyllmew Leyhon [signature!.
681- .,50V TtdEby G^erard' Danet of^ZLgt
,Cr co'Teitestre esq., to William Wigeston of the town
of°Le'icestre, merchant, son of John Wigeston, of s,x pieces
of pasture lying in the south fields ofj.he
Ae«°t heTnadose'of the said William adjoining the said
^i^rd^^irti^a&|XfJohn
deliver seisin of the premises.
Seal (fragmentary).
Fndorsed in late hand: Charta Indentat. Gerardi Danet
fact. Willelmo Wigeston de sex pedis pasture en le Hors eyr.
682. 1502 [17 Hen. V I I ) . 5 July.
quitclaim by Agnes Lyon, relic ^
^ ^
of land [as specified in No. 680].
Witnesses : Roger Trygge, mayor; Robert Orton, bailiff.
Robert Wall.
Seal.
1See No. 667,
T LEICESTER 379
683. 1502, 28 Oct. [Sf Simon and S t Jude, 18 Hen. VII]
Leycester. Grant and confirmation by William Harryson
of Oudeby, co. Leycester, to Agnes Lyon of Leycester,
widow, of a tenement with the garden annexed situate in the
suburbs of Leycester in le Belgrauegate, wherein the said
Agnes now dwells, and of a croft as it lies in Normandy1;
the which premises, together with others, the said William
lately had of the gift and feoffment of John Penny, sen., of
Melton Mowbray, bocher. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: William Fryshey, mayor; Robert Orton,
bailiff; Roger Trygge, William Wygston, of Leycester;
Thomas Burton.
Seal.
Endorsed i n l a t e hand : Charta Willelmi Harryson facta
Agnet. Lyon vx. Johannis Penny de tenemento gardino &
crofto in Belgravegate & Normandy.
684. 1503 [18 Hen. VII], 4 August. Leycestre. Release
and quitclaim by John Penny of Melton Mowbray the elder,
bocher, brother of John Penny, late of Leycestre, cardemaker,
to Agnes Lyon of Leycestre, widow, late the wife of the said
John Penny his brother, of all his right in all the lands,
tenements, etc., which the said John his brother had in the
town and suburbs of Leicestre or elsewhere within co.
Leycestre. Warranty.
Witnesses: Roger Tryg, mayor; John Dygby, kt.;
Thomas Brabason, gent.
Seal.
685. 1506-7 [22 Hen. VII], 20 March. Indenture [in
English] of bargain and sale by Robert Grene, son of Thomas
Grene, late of Leycestre, franklyn, to Walter May, of all his
right, title and interest in all such lands and tenements as
the said Thomas late had within the town and fields of
Leycestre [and] Brentyngthorp in the county of Leycestre,
and which lands Agnes, mother of the said Robert, holdeth
for the term of her life. To hold to the said Walter, his heirs
and assigns, for evermore. Estate to be made as by the
counsel of the said Walter shall be at any time devised at
'Cf. Nos. 662—664.
380 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
his costs and charges. The said Walter has paid in hand
such sum of money as they be condescended and agreed of.
Seal.
Endorsed: Relax. Greyn.
686. Same date. Bond of Robert Grene son ot Thomas
Grene, late of Leycestre, frankelyn, to Walter May in £40.
to be paid at Christmas following.
Condition (endorsed): performance of bargains and
covenants comprised in a pair of indentures between the said
parties, bearing date as above, concerning the sale of certain
lands and tenements within the town and fields of Leycestre
and Brentyngthorp, co. Leycestre.
Seal: simple queue.
687 1511-12 [ 3 H e n . V I I I ] , 22 March. Leycestre.
Letters of William Gybson. citizen and cutter of the parish
of St Margaret in Lotheberye, in the city of London, proctor
and attorney of Milo alias Mylez Baynbrygge, administrator
of all and sundry the goods which late were of Robert hornbeke
of Landysdale1, Kendalman, wheresoever found withm
the province of Canterbury, by authority of William archbishop
of Canterbury2, sufficiently and lawfu ly constituted,
etc., to the effect that he has received and had, on the above
date, of Thomas Smyth of Leycestre draper out of the
goods of the said Robert Thornbeke, a horse of bay colour
two vessels commonly called ferkyns with treacle (tmaca),
and a piece of linen cloth of thirty yards, in the name of the
said Miles, wherewith he acknowledges himself to be content
and acquits the said Thomas.
Seal.
687A. Same date. Acknowledgment by William Gibson
citizen and cutter of the city of London o the parish of St
Margaret in Lothbery, by the hands of Milicia Baynbrygge.
from Thomas Smyth of Leycestre, draper, out of the goods
of Robert Thornbek, late of Landisdale, Kendalman, a horse
coloured bay, two fyrkyns with treacle, and a piece of linen
cloth of thirty yards.
Piece of seal (simple queue).
1 Lonsdale. -Kendalman"-cloth-merchant from Kendal. 2Wilham
Warham, archbishop 1504-1532.
LEICESTER 381
688. 1512-3 [ 4 H e n . V I I I ] , I Feb. Quadripartite indenture
of delivery and demise by master John Yonge, doctor of
decrees, dean of the new collegiate church of St Mary,
Leicestre1, to Richard, abbot of the monastery of St Mary in
the meadows2 and the convent of the same, and to Richard
Gillot, mayor of the town of Leicestre, and the burgesses of
the same, of a dwelling-house with the adjoining garden,
built of late and enclosed with stone walls by William Wygeston
the younger, merchant of the staple of Calais, situate
within the precinct of the walls of the said college, between
the dwelling-house and garden of Thomas Wygeston, clerk,
now one of the prebendaries of the said college of the prebend
called the thirteenth prebend3, on E., and the way that leads to
the castle of Leicestre on W., and extending from the churchyard
of the said college on S. to the garden of the poor, called
the Bedehouse garden, on N. To hold for the term of 99
years to the use of William Gyllot, master in arts4, and
William Fyssher, chaplains of the chantry in the same college
lately founded, which is called the chantry of William
Wygeston in the collegiate church of blessed Mary of the
Newarke of Leicestre, and their successors, as the mansion
and habitation of the same chaplains and their successors,
rendering therefor yearly to the said dean and canons and
their successors during the said term a red rose at the Nativity
of St John Baptist. Warranty.
Broken seal of the dean and chapter.
689. 1512-3 [ 4 H e n . V I I I ] , to March. Leycestre. Grant
and confirmation by William Grene, frankelen, son and heir
of Thomas Grene, deceased, to William Wygeston, jun.,
Richard Gyllott, Walter Maye, Richard Eire, William Gillott,
clerk, William Fyssher, clerk, Robert Gaddisby, Robert
Vepound, Roger Gyllott and Robert May, of a piece of land
in Leycestre lying between the land of the gild of Corpus
Christi in the parish of St Martin, Leycestre, on E., and the
land of the said William Grene on W., and containing in
breadth on N. 18 feet, and on S. 49 feet, and extending in
length 132 feet by standard, to wit, from the lane called
Seint Fraunces lane on S. to the land of Richard Lowthe on
N. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
'Dean from 4 Jan., 1512-3, to 1515. 2Richard Pexsall, abbot 1509. sHe
Held this prebend 1501-1537. 4Afterwards prebendary of the twelfth
prebend in the Newarke college, 1515-1548.
382 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses : Richard Gillott, mayor; Robert Orton, bailiff;
Thomas Hurste, Richard Reynold, John Reed.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta Willelmii Grene fact.
Willelmo Wigston & aliis de pecia terre parcell. nunc scitus
hospital.
690. Same date. Release and quitclaim by Robert Grene,
son of Thomas Grene, deceased, to Wrll.am Wygeston jun
Richard Gillott, Walter Mey, Richard Eire, William Gillott
elerk, William Fyssher, clerk, Robert Gaddrsby, Robert
Vepound, Roger Gillott and Robert Mey of all h.s r.gh .n
a piece of land in Leycestre, which Ires between the land
of the gild of Corpus Christi m the parish of St Martin,
Leicester on E., and the land of William Grene the grantor s
brother, on W., and contains in breadth on N 18 feet by
standard, and on S. 49 feet by standard, and extends in
leneth 132 feet by standard, to wit, from the lane called
Se-nt Fraunces lane on S. to the land of Richard Lowthe
on N.
Seal gone.
[The deed has been begun at the present foot of the
parchment, but this was abandoned after the open,ng words,
whfch are now on the inside of the fold made for attach,ng
the seal.] . . „ , .
n in late hand: Charta relaxacioms Koberti
Grene"fil Willelmi Grene fact. Johanni et Willelmo Wigston
S ceteris feoff at. predict! Willelmi Grene de pecia terr. nunc
parcell. scitus hospit.
691 1512-3, 14 March [Monday after St Gregory the pope
4 Hen VIII.] Final concord, made in the king s court o
Portmote of the town of Leycestre beforeRmhardG^,
mavor Miles Lambard, Richard Reynold, Walter Mey,
Richard Eyre, John Reed, Thomas Smyrfi, and Robert
Harward burgesses, between William Wygeston, jun .
demandant and William Grene, late of Leycestre, frankelen,
sorTand heir of Thomas Grene, late of the deceas^
deforciant^ con^erning^ a pmce of land rn^Leyce ^ ^
of^Ma tin on E and the land of "the said William Grene
on W.. and containing in breadth 18 feet by standard. and
on s 49 feet by standard, and extending in length 132 fee
LEICESTER 383
standard, to wit, from the lane called Seynt Fraunces lane
on S. to the land of Richard Lowthe on N., whereof a plea
of covenant was summoned between them in the same court.
The said William Grene recognised the said piece of land
to be the right of the same William Wygeston, and confirmed
and ratified it to him, to hold of the chief lords, etc., with
warranty. And for this recognition and concord William
Wygeston gave the said William Grene 40 shillings.
Endorsed in late hand : Finis inter Willelmum Wigston
peten. and Willelmum Grene deforc. de pecia terre nunc
pecia scitus hospital.
692. 1313 [5 Hen. VIII], 12 May. Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation by Richard Gyllott, mayor of Leycestre, John
Wayzs and Walter May, masters or wardens of the gild of
Corpus Christi in the church of St Martin, Leycestre, to
William Wygeston, jun., Thomas Wygeston, clerk, Roger
Wygeston and William Fyssher, clerk, of all those lands and
tenements situate and lying next the churchyard of the said
church of St Martin, between the tenement called le Vekerage
on N. and the lane called Seint Fraunces lane on S., and
extending from the said churchyard on E. to a piece of land,
late of William Grene and now of the said William Wygeston,
on W. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Signed : per me Rycardum Gyllott. per me John Wayzs.
per me Waltir Mey.
Three seals.
Endorsed in late hand: Charta magistrorum sive
gardinar. (sic) gilde Corporis Christi sancti Martini Leic*
Willelmo Wigston et aliis de omnibus terris inter le Vicar'
& St Frauncys Lane.
693. 1513 [5 Hen. VIII], 12 May. Release and quitclaim
by Richard Gyllott, mayor of the town of Leycestre, John
Wayzs and Walter May, masters or wardens of the gild of
Corpus Christi in the church of St Martin, Leycestre, to
William Wygeston the younger, Thomas Wygeston, clerk,
Roger Wygeston, and William Fyssher, of all their right in
all the lands and tenements situate together and lying next
the churchyard of the church of St Martin between the tenement
called le vekerage on N. and the lane called Seint
Fraunces lane on S. and extending from the churchyard on
384 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
E. to a piece of land late of William Grene, now of the said
William Wygeston, on W.
Signed : per me Rycardum Gyllot. per me John Wayz.
per me Walt May.
Seals gone. ...
Endorsed in late hand: Charta Relaxacoms sub s.gn
Gilde Corporis Christi Willelmo Wigston & alns feoffat.s de
^rris & tenement* inter le vicar' 6c St Frauncys Lane.
694 1514 [5 Hen. VIII], 7 April. Grant by William
Herryson of Oudeby to William Ynge of Knyghton Richard
Robson of Oudeby, William Ratte of Leycester andI Thomas
Fletchar of Knyghton of all his lands tenements, etc in the
town and fields of Knyghton, which were late of William
Melborne, late of Habingdon1, pewterer. To hold of the
S lord;, etc. Warranty. The grantor testifies his personal
presence and delivery of seisin according to the form and
effect of the present charter.
Witnesses: William Westys, Henry Palett. Thomas
Foster.
Seal gone.
Endorsed: For Flechers lands in Knyghton.
695 1513 [5 Hen. VIII], I August. Release and quitclaim
by William Canell to William Wygeston, ,un„ being m
tTand" peaceful possession, of all his right in^two cottages
situate together in Leycestre, to wit, in le Canke.
Seal
Endorsed in late hand : Relaxat. Willelmi CanellJracta
Willelmo Wigston Junior, de duobus cottag. in
696 1514 [6 Hen. VIII]. M Sept. Acknowledgment of
at the feast of All Saints next.
Indorsed: Paid by my broder Roger Wygston by
aquytauns of Thomas Kent—x li.
'Abingdon. 'See Nos. 654. 655. 674.
LEICESTER 385
Item paid of thys oblygacion the xv daye of February by
me Roger Gyllott—vj li.
Item the laste daye of Jully anno xv paid to Thomas
Kent—iiij li. Et sic eqe.
697. 1514 [6 Hen. V I I I ] , II Nov. Acknowledgment of
bond by William Wigston, mayor of the staple of Calais,
Roger Wigston, gent., and William Daunce, citizen and
mercer of London, to Robert Dormer, gent., in £260, payable
at the Purification of St Mary.
Endorsed with memoranda of receipt of two payments.
Three seals.
698. 1514 [5 Hen. VIII], | | D e c . I n d e n t u r e [ E n g l i s h ]
between Margaret Belgraue, widow, late the wife of Thomas
Wigston of Leycestre, merchant of the staple of Calys, and
John Wygston, son and heir of the said Thomas and Margaret,
of the one party, and William Wygston, son of John
Wygston, marchaunt of the said staple, of the other, of the
bargain and sale by the said Margaret and John to the said
William, of three garden grounds in Leycestre lying in the
parish of St Martin, between the ground sometime of the
said Thomas, now of the said William on E. and the ground
s o m e t i m e o f t h e s a i d T h o m a s , n o w o f R o b e r t O r t o n , o n W . ,
and the grounds sometime of John Willymott and of John
G r e n e , t u r n a r , n o w o f J o h n W a s e a n d J o h n C l e r k , o n N . ,
and the Kowlane on S.1 Also of a close in Leycestre, lying
in the parish of St Margaret between the grounds of the
college of the Newark of Leycestre on W. and the grounds
of the bishop of Lincoln and Elizabeth Chaundeler on E.,
and extending from the way called Humberstongate to the
field arable of the said bishop on S. To hold, etc., for ever.
Usual clauses. Title-deeds to be delivered before Easter.
William agrees to pay £21.
Signed : per me Jhon Wygston.
Two seals.
Endorsed i n l a t e hand: Vendicio Margarete Belgrave et
Johannis Wigston de tribus Gardinis iuxta Cowlane &c.
699. 1514 [5 Hen. V I I I ] , II Dec. Leycester. Bond by
Margaret Belgraue, widow, sometime the wife of Thomas
'See No. 660.
386 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENT
Wygston of Leycester, -.chant of the staple ofCalat,. and
John Wygfon - -dJt- of^
merchant f or of £30 at Easter follow,ng.
Signed : per me Jhon Wyg^' f h terms cf the
Condition (endorsed): fulfilment
foregoing indenture.
Seal gone.
.. i/rin 14 Dec Leycestre. Grant by
700. 1514 [8 Hen. Vl11)' , w;fe 0f Thomas Wygston
Margaret Belgrave sometrm ^ nQW j
of Leycester, merchant ot evcester, merchant of
to William Wygston ^eJ°U^h"mas Wygston and William
the staple of Calars maste ^ jymg in Leycestre next
Fyshar, clerks, of three g ^ William on E. and
Cowlane between the land ^ abutting upon the holding
that of Robert Orton on .. ^ ^ q{ a CIOft lylng
of John Waze and John ClBrk between the land
in Leycester in ^tPMarV of the Newark on W. and that
of the college of St Mary aizabeth Chaundeler, widow,
of the bishop of Lincoln an ^ length from B way called
on E. in breadth, an ex ® &e](j Df the said bishop. To
Humbrestongate to th° Appointment by the said
hold, etc. for ever Warran y to del,Ver seisin
theTaid William, ^
RichmdnGdlo«.J0^hard Refold', John Waze, Robert
""Indorsed in late — Ga'dms iux,a
Cowlane & aliis.
701 [8 Hen. Villi 20 Dec. Leycestre^ IW.
quitclaim by John WySst0^rcS^nt Qf the staple of Calais.
Wvgston, late of Leycest , Thomas Wygston arid
Twilli- Wygston the younger. Thorny Wyg^ ^
Widi WilUam Wytt:: of all his right in the gardens and
'emit TpSdH the foregoing charter.
LEICESTER 387
Witnesses: John Reed, mayor; Robert Orton, bailiff;
Richard Gyllott, Richard Reynold, John Waze.
Signed : per me Jhon Wygston.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Relaxacio Johannis Wigston de
tribus Gardinis infra Cowlane.
702. 1516 [6 Hen. VIII], 4 Dec. Leycestre. Grant and
confirmation by Walter Maye of Leycestre to \^illiam
Wygston, jun., merchant of the staple of Calais, master
Thomas Wygston, clerk, and William Fyshar, clerk, of three
gardens lying together in the parishes of St Peter and St
Michael, Leycestre, next Jayll hall lane, and of a piece of
land lying in the said parish of St Michael, between the land
sometime of Bartholomew Lyon, now of the said Walter,
on W., and the land sometime of Alexander Atkynson,
chaplain, now of the house of St John, Leycester, on E.,
and the land sometime of Thomas Preston, now of Nicholas
Purfraye, on S., and the king's way on N.1 To hold of the
chief lords, etc., to the said William, Thomas and William,
and to the heirs and assigns of the same William Wygston.
Witnesses: John Reed, mayor; Robert Orton, bailiff;
Richard Reynold, John Ware, Robert Harwar.
Signed : per me Watus (sic) May.
Seal.
703. Same date. Leycestre. Grant and confirmation of
Walter Maye of Leycestre to William Wygston, jun.,
merchant of the staple of Calais, master Thomas Wygston and
William Fyshar, clerks, of a yearly rent of 2s. and 2 hens
in the southern suburb of the town of Leycestre, payable at
the usual terms, to wit, out of a messuage there situate next
the tenement of the dean and canons of the collegiate church
of the Newarke of Leycestre on S., and [next] the cottages
of William Frysley [on N.].2 To hold to the said William,
Thomas and William, and to the heirs and assigns of the
same William Wygston (sic) for ever. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Reed, mayor; Robert Orton, bailiff;
Richard Gillott, Richard Reynold, Robert H arwar.
Seal.
'See Nos. 680, 682. 2See No. 676.
CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
388 -
Endorsed: annuus reddit. pro duobus sol. et duabus
gallinis pro domo australi.
7(14 1517-8 10 Jan. Acknowledgment of bond (much
70 I? L j uLhrth esa and others, to George Grey,
chapter of the' new college ^hurch rf St
MaTo^ foment of an Indenture of the above date.
Signature and endorsement.
Three seals (partial).
The signature appears to be that of R.chard Hesketh.
7(15 1518 [f0 Hen. Vlll\. 23 April. Leycester. Grant
and^ confirmation by Richard Gyllott
to William W= ^^ton ciirk."and Wrlliam Fyssher
of Calais, I nomas yg in Leycester; the which
chaplain, of a messuage ^ gouth gate Qf Leycester,
messuage is situate wi mlleee of St Mary and the
between the land of the new college^ of^bt ^ ^
lane called Milneston an , , ^ j lies in the
to the land of the said college , and^ ^ ^ ^ ^
eastern suburb of t e ®al ' sometime of Thomas Isle
John German on E. an extends from the
ind the land of John ReynoW «m W„ and « ^ ^
king's way called Barke y WiUi Thomas and William,
Lincoln." To hold to the sard W.lharm 1h ^ ^
of attorney to Edward
Rpre sen., to deliver seism.
Witnesses : Thomas Smyth mayor; Richard Reynold,
Thomas Cotton, John Rede, John Wase.
Endorsed : (1) Notice of delivery of seisin the^re^ence
of John Shirwyn, r.e /o\ : n Jafe hand: Charta
Lawrence Baker Thomas clauso in
Rirardi Gyllott de messuagio extra Soutngaie
Barkylane (sic) facta Willelmo Wigston et alas.
i c i o r m u V I I I \ 24 April. Indenture [English] of jts sws u. - • z i n 1517 1530 2See Nos. 629, 630. 1Dean of the Newarke college 1517 I53U.
No. 650.
LEICESTER 389
and heir of Richard Gyllott and Amy his wife, late of Leycestre,
to William Wygston of Leycestre the younger, merchant
of the staple of Calys, of a mese and a closse with
thappurtenaunces in Leycestre, the which mese lieth without
the Southgate of the Town of Leycestre between the land of
the new colege of blessed Mary on the oon parte and the lane
callyd Milnestonlane on the other parte, and extendeth from
the kynges wey vnto the land of the said colege; and the forsaid
closse lieth in the est suburb of the said Town between
the land late of John German on the est parte and the land
sum tyme of I homas Isle and the land of John Reynold on the
west parte, and extendeth from the kynges wey callyd
Barkeby lane vnto the land of the Bysshop of Lincoln',
together with the evidences and muniments. To hold to the
said William, his heirs and assigns, for ever. Richard will
make good, sure and lawful estate in the premises before
Whitsuntide next; William paying to Richard 20 marks of
lawful money of England, of which Richard holds him quit.
Seal.
Endorsed i n l a t e hand : Indentura vendicionis messuagii
in Southgate et clausi in Barkby Lane inter Richardum
Gyllott et Willelmum Wygston iuniorem.
707. 1519 [10 Hen. VIII], 31 March. Leycestre. Grant
and confirmation by William Grene of Lecestre, franklen, to
John Yong, clerk, prior of Repton, Robert Bristall the
younger, and Thomas Kinton, of all his lands, tenements,
etc., in Lecestre, Brountingthorp and the fields of the same,
Astynfauell1, Stormworth", or elsewhere in co Leicestre*. To
hold of the said William and his heirs for ever of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Richard Beston, mayor; Geoffrey Deyes,
William Shawe.
Seal.
708. 1519, 4 April [Easter, I I Hen. VIII.]* Lecestre.
Grant and confirmation (indented) by John Yong, clerk, prior
of Rippon (sic), Robert Brustall the younger, and Thomas
'Aston Flamville. 'Stormsworth. sSee Nos. 677, 678. William Grene
rouowed the example of his father Thomas in putting these lands into
feoffment for purposes of entail. "The regnal year should be 10, not 11
enry VIII. The eleventh year did not begin till 22 April.
390 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Kinton, to ».^eo.U^; fjankeW, »d EUen
his Wife, of all their a , ^ thereof, Astynin
Lecestre, BrountynginCO. Lecestre, which they
laUf • TrTt 5ft td Whnent of the said WilW
To holud tio tthhee lsaaiida William and Ellen for term of Me m successive
itl^^etiei^tilelyfand to'the right heir, of the
^^WtneTes^chard Beston, mayor; William Shawe.
Geoffrey Dayes.
Two seals (no seal used): one gone.
m, ,5,9 Hen mi "XjJrSCJand
confirmation (indente ), benefactors, by William
those of his parents, friends beneta ^ ^ ^
Wigston of LeyCeSpr'j3Ubiessed Mary, St Katherine, and St
town of Calais, to God, blessedI May. sir William
Ursula and her and to the poor folk
Fyshar and sir John ho P , ^ hospital, messuage,
of the said William Wig ' q{ William Wigston
tenement or house, called cQUnty of Leycester, lying
in the town ofLeycester, ^ ^ q{ Leycester,
and situate in the parish o hurch of the same parish,
next the churchyard ° ,, ^,el. Vicarage on N. and the lane
between the tenement called le tending from the said
called Saynt Frans.s lane on ^d wXm Grene on W.,
churchyard on E. to a ^Tby the said iantor.' To hold
lately built and constructed^^ ^ sUCCeSsors for ever.
to the said chaplains an p delivered seisin of the
Warranty. The said g^or ^s delive« ^
the nX'Xt X/ch of blessed Mary
bailed Reynold, fhXs K' Thomas Cotton,
John Redde, Thomas Smyth.
'For the site see Nos. 689-693.
LEICESTER 391
Signed : per me Willelmum Wygston juniorem manu
propria.
Armorial seal of William Wigston.
Endorsed in late hand: altera pars chartae Willelmi
Wigston fundat. hospit.
709A. 1519 [// Hen. V7//J, 16 May. Leycester. Counterpart
of above deed, similarly signed and with armorial seal
of William Wigston.
Endorsed : (1) Carta hospitalis; (2) in late hand: Willelmi
Wigston indentat.
710- 1520 [12 Hen. VIII], 15 June. Knyghton. Grant by
Joan Flecher, late the relict of Thomas Flecher of Knyghton,
deceased, in her pure widowhood and lawful power, to
Richard Brokesby, James Nicholson, and William Gillott,
canons of the college of blessed Mary of the Newarke,
Leicestre1, of all her lands, tenements, etc., in the town and
fields of Knyghton. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the
use of the canons of the said college. Warranty.
Seal.
Endorsed : (I) Evidencia pro terris de Flecher in campis
de Knyghton; (2) Ther were present when possession was
takyn by master Jamys Nycholson and delyuerd by Johan
Flecher in her own proper person to the said Jamys and in
the name of his cofeoffes according to this dede, Thomas
Midleton of Burton vpon Trent, Miles Godyshelue of
Leicester, John Neyll of Knygton, John Colson of Wiggeston,
John Fraunces of Leicester and other the day and yere within
writen.
711. 1520 [12 Hen. VIII], 7 Aug. Chapter house of the
monastery of St Mary of the meadows, Leicester. Indenture
of concord and composition between Richard Pekesall, abbot
of the house or monastery of St Mary of the meadows of
Leicester, and the convent of the same, on the one part, and
master William Wygeston of Leicester, merchant of the staple
of Calais, on the other, to the effect that, whereas the said
abbot and convent and their predecessors, beyond the
'Richard Brokesby was prebendary of the sixth prebend from 1519,
and James Nicholson of the third prebend, 1512-1533-4. For Gillott see
note on No. 688.
392 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
TT^n had a yearly rent of 9d. for a chief rent from
the^enement sometime of John Belgrave situate at the stah
the tenem agamst the friars minor witht
the town of Leicester, and sometime of Gilbert of Aueners,
and before that of John Norton, the wh.ch tenement rs now
fallen to the ground and utterly removed m the place of
hieh tenement an almshouse has now been newly constructed
builded and set in order by the said master W.lham
Wygeston : in recompense and satisfact.on of the sard chtef
rent of 9d., and for the greater surety of the payment of such
chief rent with the consent and assent of the partres aforesaid
the said abbot and convent and thetr ^es'ors tn
trom tne w , , , j r fey year rrtr'S »"-• —-
future.
Seal gone. # .. . .
Fndorsed : (1) De reddit. nouem denariorum; (2) in a e
mansionali predicti Rogeri.
7IU. 1520 |/2 Hen. V I I I ] , 7 Aug. Counterpart of
preceding indenture.
Seal gone.
Endorsed as before.
712 1521 1/2 Hen. V I I I ] , 31 March. Leycester. Release
Fyshar and sir John Hospital of William Wigston
to the twelve P°°r of etcP in all those lands and
;:„ements siiuate'and lying together next the churchyard of
LEICESTER 393
the church of St Martin, Leycester, between the tenement
called le Vicareg and the land sometime of Richard Lowthe
on N. and the lane called Sanct Fransis lane on S., and
extending from the said churchyard on E. to the land sometime
of William Grene on W.
Seven seals.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta relaxat. feoffat. Willelmi
Wigston de terr. & tenement, nunc scit. Hospit.
71 2A. Counterpart, with variations (Robert Gaddisby,
Roger Gillott, le Vicarage).
Two seals.
Endorsed in late hand : Altera pars Charte Relaxacionis
feoffat. ad vsum Willmi Wigston de terr' & Tenementis nunc
scit. Hospitatal. (sic).
713. 1523 [ 1 4 H e n . V I I I ] , 28 Feb. Leycester. Indenture
between the dean and chapter of the college of the new work
of blessed Mary of Leycestre on the one part, and sir William
Fyshar, master of the hospital of blessed Mary, of the
foundation of William Wigston, merchant of the staple of
Calais, and sir Richard Walche, his confrater, on the other,
to the effect that the said dean and chapter have granted,
delivered and leased to the said master and his confrater,
a plot of land lying in the parish of St Peter, Leycestre,
between the land of the said hospital on W. and that of
Thomas Purfraye, esq., on E., and extending from the king's
way on S. to the land of the said hospital on N. To hold to
the said master and his confrater and his successors for
99 years next following the feast of the Purification of B.V.M.,
A.D. 1522 [3], rendering therefor yearly to the said dean
and chapter and their successors, for all rent and service, 12d.
at the feast of the Purification. Right of re-entry to the dean
and chapter, if the said rent be a month in arrears.
Seal of the dean and chapter of the new college (broken).
714. 1522-3 [16 Hen. VIII], 14 March. Bond by John
[Brou]ne, co. Leyc., carpentour, Thomas Bosse, baker,
and William Br . . ., to the dean and canons of the
collegiate church of St Mary, Leycestre, in £30, payable at
Michaelmas next.
394 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Condition : observation of covenants specified in a pair
of indentures of the above date.
Seal gone.
Endorsed: Obligacio Johannis Brovne pro molendinis
noui operis.
715. 1523-4 [15 Hen. VIII], 26 January. Leycestre.
Grant and confirmation by Agnes Rubley, sometime the wife
of John Peny, late of Leicestre, cardemaker1, to William
Rubley of Leicestre, draper, of a tenement situate in Belgraue
gate without the east gate of the town of Leycestre, now in
the tenure of John Hoo; and of two closes lying next Belgraue
gate, whereof one close lies opposite the chapel of St John
Baptist in Belgraue gate, and the other lies behind the house
of Helias Warde next the common path which leads to le
Sanpytt. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Power
of attorney to Richard Stookys to deliver seisin of the
premises.
Witnesses: Richard Reynold, mayor; Robert Orton.
bailiff; Edward Alsop, Richard Bell, Christopher Clough.
Seal.
Endorsed i n l a t e hand: Charta Agnetis Rubley facta
Willelmo Rubley de vno tenemento et duabus clausuris in
Belgrauegate.
716. 1523-4 [15 Hen. VIII], 22 Feb. Indenture [English]
of bargain and sale by ^Villiam Grene of Repton, son and
heir of Thomas Grene, frankelyn, sometime of Leycestre. to
William Wigston the younger of Leycestre, merchant of the
staple at Cales, of 'two mese places lying in the hygh strctt
of Leycestre,' with all the lands, meadows, etc., pertaining
to the same in Leycestre, Brunkyngesthorpe, or in the fields
of the same or elsewhere3, and with all title deeds, with
warranty. Estate to be made before Lady day next. Existing
occupants to be feoffers to the use and behoof of the said
William Wigston. Title deeds to be delivered before Lady
day. All incumbrances discharged except chief rents. The
said William Wigston will pay £34, viz. £14 at the sealing
of these presents, and the remaining £20 Michaelmas next.
>Cf. No. 684. 2See Nos. 707. 708.
LEICESTER 395
wi.hTe«L°i„^rq^.:n the f°™ °f -
Seal.
Grene T£ °f Wi"iam
of Leycestre, to William Wigston the Grer,e. sometime
merchant of the staple of Calais, in £40 LeyCerStre'
of the Annunciation next. ' paya^'e at ^east
Signed : per me Willrn Grene.
pair of™^tu^b^!ri^'drtea<Fib0f|rH^Vin!,,de ™ *
718. 1523-4, 24 Feb. [15 Hen VIII] F r *
William Grene of Repton Von a n d I ' TTL" Granl by
sometime of Leycester to Will' w* Thomas Grene,
merchant of the Staple of Cala the y°un*«'
master William Gillott clerks ,™n °mai W.gston and
tenements, etc. in the town and fields ""d.
Brounkysthorpe by Leycestre, which of late descended 7 h
lh;ffer- Tote
Fynye and Thomas Dawkyns "JT^
w.G.rr^i^e^rswith quarter,y shie,d'the
Seal.
aT* td
p--
Richard Maperlev on / J' on and that sometime of
bml,ffWrrs Co«otthR„Te°ydee:
'See Nos. 662-664, 683.
396 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Round seal: the other gone.
Endorsed in late hand : Charta Willelmi Rubley et vxoris
eius facta Willelmo Wigston et alns ad ven predicto
Willelmo Wigston de Crofto in Normandy.
720 1524 [ 16 Hen. VUI], 8 Oct. Leicester. Grant and
confirmation by William Wigston of Leicester, jun., merchant
of the staple of Calais, to sir William F.schar md sir R.chrrrd
Welsche, chaplains, and to the poor folk of the hospital of
William Wigston in the town of Leicester of a croft in the
parish of St Margaret, Leicester, called le Normandre,
between the land of the new college of St Mary, Lercester, on
N„ and that sometime of Rrchar d Mapnrley on 5...and
ex ending towards a little way called le Comyn Ba ke on W.
and the great field on E. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty and notice of personal delivery of seisin.
Per me William Wygston juniorem Leycestrie m manu
propria.
Round seal with grantor's arms.
Endorsed with (1) memorandum of delivery
24 Oct 1524, in the presence of master Richard Brokisby,
dean of Hinges', sir Thomas Evington vrcar of S
Martin's, Leicester, John Shore, John Hardy, Hernry
Jenkynson, chaplain, Thomas Hawll, Hugh Barlowe, Wrll.am
Standische William Salisbery; (2) The dede of Rub eys Close
fn Normandye; (3) [in late hand] Charta Wrllelmr Wigston
iunioris capellanis et pauperrbus hosprtalrs, etc., de Crotto
Le Normandy.
721 1525. 25 Sept. [Monday after S t Mattheu) 17 Hen
VIII 1 Final concord made in the king s court of Portmot
within the liberties of the town of Leycester be ore^emy
Gvllott mayor. Richard Reynold. John Waze, 1 homas
Cotton.' Thomas Burton. Roger Gyllott,
William Tebbe, burgesses, between sir William hysha ,
master of the hospital of William Wygston, jun ^Leyceste
and sir Richard Walshe, confrater, of the said hosp^l. and
the poor of the same, demandants, and the said William
Wygston and Agnes his wife, of Leycester, defendants, con-
InTng a messuage and six cottages in the town of Leycester
'See No. 710.
LEICESTER 397
and the suburbs thereof, whereof a plea of covenant was
lately summoned between them in the same. The defendants
recognised the said tenements to be the right of the
demandants, and confirmed and ratified the same to them in
the same court, to hold of the chief lords, etc., with warranty.
Endorsed : Finis levat de vno mess, et sex cott. in villa
et suburbns Leic. inter magistrum hospitalis W. Wygston et
ipsum W. et Agnetem vxorem eius deforciantes.
721 A. Counterpart of the above, with endorsement: Finis
levatus coram Maiore & Burgensibus ville Leicestrie inter
magistrum Hospitalis W. Wigst. & dictum W. Wigst. &
vxorem eius de vno messuagio & sex cottagiis in Leicestria.
721- 1527 I/9 Hen- VIII] t 20 Aug. Leyc*. Release and
quitclaim by Thomas Wigston and William Gillot, clerks, to
William Fissher and Richard Walshe, chaplains of the
hospital of William Wigston, jun., of Leicester, and to the
poor folk of the same, of all their right in all the messuages,
lands, etc., in the town of Leicester and in the fields of the
same and Brownekyngisthorpp by Leycester, which the said
Thomas and William lately purchased and had, together with
the said William Wigston, of the gift and feoffment of William
Grene of Repton and Robert Grene his brother1.
Per me Thomam Wygston. Per me Wyllm. Gyllott.
Two small round seals.
Endorsed : Release of Leycestre and Brownekyngesthorp.
723. 1529 [21 Hen. VIII], 24 Sept. Acknowledgment of
bond by Thomas Hasulrigge of Nosely, esq., to William
Wigston the younger of Leicestre, merchant of the staple of
Calais, in £140, payable at Christmas next.
Signed : per me .Thomam Hesilryg.
Seal.
Condition (endorsed): fulfilment of agreement specified
in a pair of indentures bearing date of these presents.
d r!~^' ^ ^Ct' Leicester. Acknowledgment by
Robert Pachet, LL.B., commissary and official of the archdeaconry
of Leicestre, of the receipt from the dean and
1See No. 718.
398 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
chapter of the college of the Newarke, Leicestre, of 50 s.
sterling, by name of the yearly pension due to the reverend
father and lord, the lord John1, bishop of Lincoln, for the
indemnity of the churches of Higham Ferrers, Irencestre2 and
Raunds, at the feast of the Nativity of St John last past. Also
of 13 s. 4 d. for the church of Granysley3 due at Michaelmas
last. Also of 5 s. due to the archdeacon of Leicester at
Michaelmas term.
Remains of seal upon outer fold.
Endorsed : Acquietancia pro episcopo Line .
725. 1532, 1 Dec. Acknowledgment by Thomas Wodyford,
prior of the cathedral church of B.M. Couentry,
of receipt from the dean and chapter of the collegiate church
of the Newarke, Leycestre, of 26s. 8d. of an annual pension
for the indemnity of the church of Duffield4 appropriated to
them.
Seal (simple queue).
726. 1533, 4 October. Chapter house, Lincoln. Acknowledgment
of receipt by the dean and chapter of the cathedral
church of B.M. Lincoln, from the dean and chapter of the
new collegiate church of B.M. Leicestre, of 53s. 4d. by reason
of an annual pension from the following appropriated
churches, viz. for the church of Irncestre, 20s., for the church
of Heghamfreys5 13s. 4d., for the church of Randes", 13s. 4d.,
and for the church of Cranesley, 6s. 8d., due from the same
at Michaelmas last past.
Seal gone (simple queue).
Endorsed : Leicestre, liijs. iiijd.
727. 1535-6 [27 Hen. VIII], 1 February. Indenture of lease
by Walter Broune, master of the hospital of master William
Wigston of Leycestre, merchant, etc., and sir Thomas
Thorpe, clerk, his fellow, to Roger Gillot, burgess of
Leycestre, of a close in the Ded lane within the parish of
St Peter of Leycestre, sometime belonging to Thomas
"John Longland, bishop of Lincoln 1521-1547. 2lrchester, co. NorthanU.
3Cransley, co. Northants. "Duffield, co. Derby, in the diocese of Coventry
and Lichfield. "Higham Ferrers. "Raunds.
LEICESTER 399
Innocent, belfounder1, being betwixt the ground of the king
on W., and that of Nicholys Raynold, called his bedehouses,
on L., and extending from the king's highway to St Peter lane
for 3 years from the Purification next, at a yearly rent of 3s
payable at the same feast. Right of entry and distraint for a
month s arrears of rent. The lessee to repair and maintain
the premises.
Seal.
Endorsed : indenture of mr Roger Gyllot.
728. 1536, I Sept. Receipt (autograph) of William Towghe
from master 1 homas Wygston and master Wylliam Gyllot,
executors to master Wylliam Wygston, of the bequest of the
said master Wylliam Wygston, the sum of 40s.
Endorsed: Wm. Towghe.
729. '536 [28 Hen. VIII], 1 Oct. Leicestre. Acknowledgment
of bond by Henry Barns, grocer and citizen of London
and Joan his wife to dame Agnes Wigston of Leicestre,'
late the wife of William Wigston of the same, merchant of
the staple of Calais, deceased, and special executrix of his
last will, and to Thomas Wigston, William Gillot, Robert
Pachet and Walter Broune of the same, clerks, executors of
the same will, in £30, payable at the feast of All Saints.
Signed : per me Harry Barnis gr :
per me Jane Bernes.
Condition (endorsed) : payment to Henry Barns, son to
the said Henry and Jane, of £20 at such time as the said
Henry their son shall be at lawful age, which £20 was
bequeathed to him by master William Wigston, etc., late
departed.
Endorsed : Henry Bernes.
.Two seals.
730. '536-7 [28 Hen. VIII], 14 Jan. Acknowledgment by
Koger Wigston, esq., of the receipt from dame Agnes
Wigston, widow, late wife and executrix with others of the
last will and testament of his brother Willyam Wigston, late
merchant of the staple of Calais, deceased, of the sum of
'Cf. No. 668.
400 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
£100, in full payment of £200 bequeathed and given by the
last will and testament of the said brother.
Signed : per me Rogerum Wigston.
Seal impressed.
Endorsed : My Broder Roger Wigston quitans.
731. 1538 [30 Hen. VIII], 7 Dec. Westminster. Letters
patent under the great seal, with inspeximus and exemplification
of a decree made by the chancellor and council of the
Court of augmentations of the revenues of the Crown, and
recorded and enrolled therein, to the effect that in Michaelmas
term, to wit, on 29 Nov., 30 Hen. Vlll., William Fyssher,
chaplain, John 1 horpe, chaplain, and the twelve poor men of
the hospital of William Wygston the younger of Leycester
exhibited in the same court an indenture, under the
conventual seal of the friars minor of Leycester, and prayed
that it be allowed them.
T he said indenture, bearing date 20 July, 1520 [ 1 2 H e n .
VIIIJ, made between Alan Bell, the warden, and the convent
of the said friars minor on the one part, and the said chaplains
and poor men on the other, witnesses that the said warden
and convent, with the consent and good pleasure of the
reverend father, brother Richard Brynkeley, doctor of
theology, provincial minister, and the provincial chapter of
the same order, have granted, delivered and demised to farm
to the said chaplains and poor men and their successors, a
garden lying within the limits of the same house of frikrs
minor next the lane called Seynt Frauncis lane on N.t and
extending from the same lane southwards in breadth 85 feet
and in length from E. to W. 115 feet. To hold for the term
of 100 years, with renewal every 100 years, rendering yearly
to the said warden and convent and their successors 4s. at
Easter or within 14 days thereof, with right of distraint to the
said warden and convent for arrears of a month, and right
of re-entry if the rent is half a year in arrear. Warranty.
Sealed by the warden and convent, and by the said provincial
minister.
After due examination, the said indenture was allowed to
the petitioners, with the proviso that, if hereafter it should be
duly proved before the said chancellor and council that the
said chaplains and poor men ought not to have and enjoy it,
this decree should be null and void.
LEICESTER
401
top left-hand corne^Troken off" yeU°W Wax : a figment at
capellan, e, al./'^Tn"'* J?1"""68 Thorp<=
in another later hand: Grant of Sf F • 0)
nu of ot rrancis Garden.
732. 1544 [36 Hen VIII I ft M ,
rr byT^alter B'owne, clerk m 'ndenture (Engliah) of
Thomas Thorpe, clerk, chaplains' T? and warden, sir
new hospital of William Wygston ,the POOr of the
Davmport of Leicestre, merchant o th ^' '° Thomas
one close the horse fair side r 1 J L S'ap,e at Cal'«. of
holding of Rychard Walikar ,h tenter close. m the
yard and a little house .n he CowT' * *a'd- a
Nicolas Carter, for 81 years from i!®"?' m the holding of
of 22s. 8d., viz, 16s at the P jy haelmas next, at a rent
6s. CId. at Michaelmas for the garden^et" 'it d°8e' and
for two months- arrears of rent Th . "ght °f dist'ai<«
repairs, with right to lop and crop '"T overtakes
garden and yard. P Wood m the said close,
Per me Thomas Dauynport.
Seal, with merchant's mark.
planer 1. Pecommende ^i^ie^vnto^ youmy ful1 Joving
Provostformyneybour John Iurnom ofD?"* ^ '?• master
J do °^e Lym, and that ye will " Lhaycote. v. Ji. which
you a bill of his hand of the receyte" o^th?JOVC8t to make
of payment of an obligacion of ^- , e.8aid v li- in partie
'"J li. was payed by John Turn J *UIJ s viii d whereof
your hands v li. andf" and by
roil) s vnj d and that ye will desire obligacion xv li
good master vnto the sa" ' to contyn Je
honest true pore man, A^d or i, u , n°Ur F°r ia on
s-y- •~- 4~
"•£Vtte',--.- - n_ „ L, Li-i_ ^
402 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS NORTON AND GALBY 403
XII. NORTON AND GALBY.
734 1296 13 June [Wed. after St Barnabas 24 Edw. l.\
C llv Grant and confirmation by Richard le Forester o
Galby to John son of Hugh at the Church of Uvrston of hal
an acre of arable land with the holms lyrng rn the fields o
Galby Viz. in a tillage called Longemur, between the land
sometime of William the smith and that of Maud Knyt, for
a ^m of money which the said John has grven m hand To
Lw of the chief lord of the fee, his he.rs or assrgns, to the
s^d John, his heirs or assigns, or to whatsoever person or
oersons he wrll give, sell, assign, or bequeath rt rn the last
tos of his life in his testament, well, in peace and m heritage
wifhout any gainsaying, rendering therefor yearly to the chief
lord of the fee, etc., the due service to so great a tenement
appertaining, for all services, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William the smith, Richard le Yoth, Richard
Knyt, of Galby, William son of Mary, Hugh at the Church, of
llviston.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : dimidia acra in le longmor.
735 1316, 21 Dec. [Toes., St Thomas the apostle, 10
|tn"oi L-r! all
son of Hugh of the same. O I L
Witnesses : Robert, lord of Norton, Robert his son, Ralph
son of Robert, Robert son of William, Henry le Barkere,
Henry Aunfrey, William Toteuey.
Seal gone.
Endorsed: relax, fact, per Adam Norton Hugon.
Coudelowe.
736 1316-7, 1 Feb. [Tues. after the Conversion of S t
Pnul ' 10 Edw 11} Norton. Grant by Juhane Houwet,
' . IU 5 * r 1 sometime the wife onff ™Uenr vy Rob^yn of West^norto n, in her q{ Robert
Sudewlnd Hugh her som of all her plot with the buddings
lying in the town of Norton next the king s way between th
tenement of Lawrence of Brantyngthorp and that of John
Norton. To hold of the chief lord, etc., rendering and doing
to the chief lord of that fee the services due and accustomed.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Robert son of Robert the lord of Norton,
Robert son of William, Henry le Barker, Henry Aunfrey,
William son of William Hulle, William Toteuey, Robert
Toteuey, all of the same.
Seal gone.
V1' „H5N"T7, 31 ITues• bef°re the Purification, 31
EdW. HI.\ Norton. Grant and confirmation by Robert of
Gourmundle1 and Maud his wife to John Attehalle of Little
Stretton and Athahne his wife, of all the lands, tenements,
etc., which the said Robert and Maud had of the gift and
grant of Robert of Norton in Norton, Galby and Little
Strettone. 1 o hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Nicholas Combuslowe, Thomas Robyn,
Nicholas Palmere.
Seals gone.
Endorsed : Carte Robt Gurmondle et Maud sa femme
fact al John Athall anno 31° E.3.
738. 1367-8, 4 Jan. [Tues. before Epiphany, 41 Edw.
III.] Norton. Grant and confirmation by Robert Loteby of
Stretton and Alice his wife to John, son of John Attehall,
and Agnes his wife, of a plot and three roods of land in
Norton, which were sometime of Ralph Robyn, brother of
the said Alice. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John atte Hall, Hugh of Houghton, Robert
Bate, Hugh Coudelowe, Robert son of Robert.
Seals gone.
739. 1367-8, 6 Jan. [Epiphany, 41 Edw. III.] Norton.
Grant and confirmation by Robert son of Robert of Norton
to John son of John atte Halle of Stretton and Agnes his
wife of all lands, tenements, meadows, grazings and pastures,
with their appurtenances, of the chief lords, etc. fsicl'
Warranty.
Witnesses: William Leure, Thomas Mercer, Hugh
Goudelwe, Nicholas Palmer, Thomas Robyn, of Norton.
'Gumley.
404 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Carta Robertas Norton facta Johanni atte
Halle anno 41° E.3.
42 Edw. HE] N5>.rton" Ward wife of the said John, of !TR.To To&ieNO";
etc. WaTt,t
Witnesses: John at !Halle W,Ihan^«o
Little Strettun; Th°mas Merce ,
Nicholas Palmer, of Nortun.
iZZt Johannes Braunston et Margareta vxor eius
cone. Johanni atte Halle.
maidenhead, by Al.ce daughter ot^ ^ ^ ^ ^
Nortun, to John at Halle, s ^ field8 Qf Nortun which
lands and tenements m the to feoffment of John
R ^ — - *• -IJ
LETZ'HISS. H°I I
Robert, of Nortun.
Endorsed: Alio, de Norton relax. Johanni atte Halle.
,« H4R 17 Sept [Sundatf after the Exaltation of
742. 1368, 1 ' Sep I n Grant and confirmation
A^RRS"-'^
NORTON AND GALBY 405
Houghton, of Little Stretton; Robert son of Robert, Hugh
Coudelow, Thomas Mercer, of Norton.
Seal gone.
Endorsed: Norton.
743. 1370, 9 June [Sunday, Trinity, 44 Edu). III.] Grant
and confirmation by Hugh Coudlowe of Norton to John
Coudlowe his brother, of all his lands and tenements in the
town and fields of Norton1. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Robert son of Robert, Thomas Mercer,
Nicholas Palmer, Thomas Robyn, John Aunfrey, of Norton.
Part of seal.
744. 1401, 4 Oct. [Tues. af t e r Mi chae lmas , 3 Hen. IV|.
Norton by Galby. Grant and confirmation by John atte Halle
of Galby to master William of Newehalle, canon of Lychefelda,
sir John Ryppeleye, rector of Galby, sir William
Cosyngton, vicar of Norton, sir John Coke, vicar of Lychefeld\
and John Palmer of Houghton, of all the lands and
tenements which the said John atte Halle had of the gift and
feoffment of John atte Halle his father, the which were sometime
of Robert son of Ralph. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Richard Skeffyngton, John Mercer, John
Carter, John Burton, Edward Hykke, of Norton.
Seal gone.
Endorsed: Johannes atte Hall conc. aliis.
745. 1406, 10 August [Tues., S t Lawrence, 7 Hen. IV.]
Norton. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Cowdelowe of
Norton by Galby to sir Thomas Benet of Oudeby and master
John of Oudeby, archdeacon of Derby4, of all the lands,
'Cf. Nos. 735, 736. 2Otherwise called William of Newhaugh (Newhagh):
see No. 747. He was a canon of Lichfield from 1370 (Le Neve,
Fasti, I, 631, etc.), precentor from 1378 to 1390 (ibid. I, 579) and archdeacon
of Chester from 1390 to 1413 (ibid. I, 566). 'I.e. vicar of the parish
church of St Mary, Lichfield. 4John Oudeby or Outheby (Oadby), archdeacon
of Stafford c. 1374 (Le Neve I, 571), canon of Lichfield c.' 1380
(ibid. I, 589), treasurer 1380 (ibid. I, 582) and archdeacon of Derby 1387
to 1414 or 1417 (ibid. I, 576), owed his preferments to Robert of Stretton,
bishop of Coventry and Lichfield 1360-1385, who took his name from
Stretton in the wapentake of Gartree.
406 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
*.
etc. Wsrr^nty. . . d 1 i u
Witnesses : Richard of Sheffyngthon'. John Palmer. John
Mercer. John Carter. Robert Smythe.
Endorsed: Carta Thome Coudlowe facta Thome Bene,
et aliis anno 7° H.4.
NI . I ~»ters of the same Thomas
746. Same date. or . Galby his attorney
Cowdelowe, appointing John atte Alle or
to deliver seisin of the premises.
Seal.
747 1410 17 November [Monday alter St Martin the
7.47' .7 U ' E l Norton. Grant and confirmation by
bishop, 12 Hen. 1 •] Thomas of Stretton. dean
John del Hall of NortonJ®,^efeld3 William Neuhagh. archof
the ca^e^^gt^r ^0^,n Oudeby. archdeacon of Derby,
deacon ot Lmeste , j Cook chaplain. Thomas
Robert Heyne, chaplam john ^ok ^ ^
No seal. i..
Endorsed : Johannes atte Halle concess. alns.
748. ,416-7. 22 Jan. [St ol
Norton. Grant and confirmation y J^ ^ of ^
!i"." "t-StxtSGS.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty
>See No. 743. 2S^ngt0u26S<Wdn I°f For^WagK see note on
1. 596). dean from 1390 to 1426J.btd I. W ^ ^
No. 744, and for Oudefey see note on No.
NORTON AND GALBY 407
Witnesses : John Marcer, Thomas Webster, John Tutvey,
Richard Palmer, John Burton.
Seal.
749. [Probably] 1417-8 [5 Hen . . . ti], 6 March
[Sunday after St Alban (sic), bishop and confessor.] Norton.
Indenture of delivery at farm by John, son of John atte Halle
of Stretton, to Margaret his daughter, of all the lands, tenements,
etc., which he held of the gift and grant of John atte
Halle his father in the town and fields of Norton by Galby.
To hold to the said Margaret for the term of a hundred years
next following the date of the making of these presents,
rendering therefor yearly to the said John son of John, his
heirs and assigns, 12d. silver at the three terms of the year
usual in Norton by equal portions, doing also therefor to the
chief lords, etc., with upkeep, repair and maintenance of the
premises during the said term. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Skeffyngton, John Mercer, John
Totevey, John Burton, John Atte Halle ... of Norton.
Seal gone.
Much torn.
750. 1418, 28 April [Thurs. before St Philip and St
James, 6 Hen. V.] Norton. Grant and confirmation by
Thomas Benet of Oudeby, vicar choral of the cathedral
church of Lichefeld, to John Palmer of Norton by Galby and
Margaret his wife, of all his lands, tenements, etc., which
were sometime of Thomas Cowdelowe of Norton.1 To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Skevyngton, John Mercer, John
Totevey, John del Lawes, John del Burton, all of the town
of Norton.
Seal gone.
Endorsed: Carte Thome Benet fact, a John Palmer et
Margaret sa femme anno 6 H.5ri.
751. 1428 [7 Hen. VI], 22 December. Letters of John
Skeffynton the elder, John Skeffynton the younger, and John
Keggeworth of Leycestre, appointing Thomas Groue of
Leycestre and Henry Eton of Stretton parua their attorneys,
'See No. 745.
408 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
to deliver seisin to Mabel Kent of Kereby1, of all the lands
and tenements which the said John, John and John, together
with Richard Straker, had of late of the gift and feoffment
of Hugh Kent of Kereby, as in a charter of feoffment made to
them thereof is more fully contained.
Two seals.
752. 1433-4, 7 March [Mid-Lent Sunday, 12 Hen. VI.]
Norton. Grant and confirmation by Margaret Palmar of
Norton by Galleby, sometime the wife of John Palmar of
Norton, to Richard Mayhow of Flekeney2 and Margaret his
wife, daughter of the said Margaret Palmar, of a messuage
situate between the messuage called the demesne of Norton
and the churchyard of the church of the said town, and of two
virgates of land, with meadows, etc., to the said messuage
belonging, and of all the lands and tenements, with meadows
etc., which sometime were of the said Margaret Palmar and
John her husband in the town and fields of Norton. To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William Howghton of Stretton; Thomas
Marcer, John Halyday, Robert Page, John Webstare, of
Norton.
Fragment of seal.
753. 1452 [30 Hen. VI], 3 April. Norton. Grant and
confirmation by Robert Newton of Belgraue to Robert
Staunton of Casteldonyngton, John Thorp, Thomas Neell of
Oston1, and Thomas Newton of Belgraue, son of the said
grantor, of all his lands, tenements, etc., which he has in the
town and fields of Norton by Galby, the which, together with
Bartholomew Brokesby, esq., and Richard Walssh, esq., he
had of late of the gift and feoffment of Margaret Palmer of
Stretton. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas Nouerey, Thomas Mercer, Thomas
Taillour, John Webster, of Norton; John Symes of Galby.
Fragment of seal.
Endorsed : Writings of the Estate at Norton near Galby.
754. Same date. Norton. Letters of the same Robert
Newton, appointing William Newton of Stretton his attorney
'Kirby Muxloe. 2Fleckney. 3Owston.
NORTON AND GALBY
409
to deliver seisin of the nrPm;e. . i
Thorp of Leycester, Thomas Neell ° f'n ^ Robert< J°hn
Newton. mas Neel1 of Ouston, and Thomas
Seal (broken).
755. 1456 [34 Hen. VI1 3 ilJn„ M
confirmation by Thomas Newton No^ton- Grant and
Newton of Belgraue, to Robert Sr*', T" e,r of R°bert
John Thorp, Thomas Neell of On r ° °i Casteldonyngton.
of all his lands, tenements etc^k*^ Wi,Ham Ne"ton.
Norton by Galby. To hold of tb^' k" c i \°Wn and fieIds of
Witnesses : ThcJs NoU ^ l<>rdS' ^
^eaK J°hn WebS,Cr' ^ Norton. T1,0ma,
and confirmalfof^nd'em^2)6 b^bert si"*'0"'
Casteldonyngton. and Thomas Neell L Tn W °f
Thomas Newton, son and heir of R L tr °ston, to
Margery his wife, of all their lands ? Newton. and to
towns and fields of Blaston bv H 1] te?emflt8» etc.. in the
G a l b y . T h e p r e m i s e s a " " 1 N ° r t ™ b y
Newton and Margery and the k " ? L °,the 8aid Thomas
Thomas lawfully begotten, with rTm ^ ^ °f the sa™e
of the said Margery, to the rieht h * eJ' after the decease
The premises in Norton to hold of th ° k t ^ Thomasthe
said Thomas and Marge'y thL u, '°rds' to
-Jz
, BWmi
SWeston. John Palmer of Hdioughtol ySS''ng °f
8eal: ^e other gone.
757 1467-8 [7 Edw. IV] 12 A I
bond by Richard Mayhowe of FlJl Ack"owIe<Wnt of fc«fer"•
.bid. by oiThimi" Ch1"®"" Wife 'b'H
'HalUton. Chapman of Foxton and
410 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Thomas Clay of Cranowe, their chosen arbiters, and William
Dand of Galby and Richard Johnson arbtters chosen on
behalf of the said Thomas Newton, touching then nght t.tle,
possession and claim to a messuage, two vugates and three
acres of land, the moiety of two messuages and 2i virgates of
land in Norton by Galby.
Seal.
758 1467-8 [8 Edw. IV), 22 March. Norton. Grant and
confirmation by Thomas Neuton of Casteldonyngton to
Thomas Trussell, kt„ Richard Hastynges, W.lham Hasulrygg,
Robert Staunton, John Fyldyng, esquires, Edmund Hasulrygg
and William Houton, of all his lands and tenements in Norton
by Galby. To hold of the chief lords, etc. [No warranty.]
Witnesses : Thomas Nouerey, William Dande William
Burton, John Webster, of Norton; William Dekyn of Frysseby.
Seal.
759 1488 [ 3 H e n . V I I ] , 20 April. Norton Grant and
confirmation by Thomas Neuton of Casteidonyn^on to
Thomas Stoke, esq., Henry Neuton, brother of the said
Thomas Neuton, and Robert Neuton, son of the said Thomas,
of all his lands, tenements, etc., in Norton by Galby. lo
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Nouerey of Norton, Richard Kent
of Kerby, John Norton.
Seal gone.
760 Same date. Norton. Letters of the said Thomas
Neuton, appointing John Saxby his attorney to dehver se.sm
of the premises to the said Thomas, Henry, and Robert.
Witnesses as above.
Seal fragmentary.
761 1499 [ 1 5 H e n . V I I ] , 12 December. Indenture
(English) of lease by Elizabeth Kent the younger, wedue, and
John Kent, her son and heir, to Robert Kyrke of Norton
beside Gawdeby, of all their lands, tenements, etc. in Norton
and the fields of the same1, from Michaelmas last past for
forty years, yielding the yearly rent of 43s. 4d. at
1See No. 751.
NORTON AND GALBY 411
Purification, Pentecost and Michaelmas by even portions.
Right of entry and distraint for a month's arrears of rent.
The said Robert shall meet repairs, great timber excepted;
but shall carry the said great timber and find the carpenters
meat, drink and bed during the time that they be working
of the same. Warranty.
Seal gone.
762. 1502 [ 1 7 H e n . V I I ] , 30 March. Deed of John Kent,
son and heir of Richard Kent, reciting that, whereas Elizabeth
Kent, widow, his mother, late the wife of the said Richard
Kent, has and holds all the lands, tenements, etc. in Norton
by Galby, which lately were of the said Richard, for the term
of her life, with reversion of the premises after her decease
to the said John and his heirs, he grants and confirms by this
his present writing the said reversion to John Turvyle, esq.,
and Katherine his wife, their heirs and assigns. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
per me Johannem Kent.
Seal (fragmentary).
E n d o r s e d : Carta de terris et tenementis de Norton.
763. 1502 [ 1 8 H e n . V I I ] , 2 2 August. Letters of John
Kent, son and heir of Richard Kent, acknowledging the
receipt from John Turvyle, esq., and Katherine his wife, on
the day of the making of these presents, of 25 marks of lawful
money of England, in full payment for the reversion of all
the lands, tenements, etc., in Norton by Galby, which lately
were of Richard, father of the said John Kent, and which
Elizabeth his mother, late the wife of the said Richard, holds
for the term of her life, with full acquittance.
John Kent.
Piece of seal.
764. 1503 [ 1 9 H e n . V I I I ] , 7 Sept. Release and quitclaim
by Elizabeth Kent, widow, late the wife of Richard Kent, to
John Turvyle, esq., and Katherine his wife, of all her right
in all the lands, tenements, etc., in Norton by Galby, which of
late were of the said Richard. Warranty.
Seal.
412 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
765 1510 12 Hen. VIII]. 26 August. Grant and confirmation
in her pure widowhood, by Katherme Turvell, widow,
late'the wife of John Turvell, esq., to Francs Turvell her
son of all her lands, tenements etc., m Norton by Galby,
which now are in the tenure of John Kirke of Norton. To
Wd of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Power of attorney to
lohn Wight, John Kirke. Edward Beyre, John Lonte, and
John Talbot, to deliver seisin of the premises.
This charter was sealed and delivered to the said Francis
by the said Katherine as her deed in the presence of John
Neuton, William Strete, John Orme, serving-man of Ralph
Shirley, kt., John Wight, Roger Gibet, and William
Cartewryght.
Seal gone.
766. 1522-3 [M Hen. VIII]. 28 Feb Grant by master
Robert Newton, master of Manton, co. Rutland' to William
Wigston the younger of Leycester, merchant of the stap e of
Calais, master Thomas Wigston, master William Gillott and
John Shore, clerks, of three messuages and 4$ virgates o
land, with all lands, etc. to the same belonging in the town
and fields of Norton by Galby. To hold of the chiefords,
etc. Warranty. Appointment of John Moyare and Robert
Atkynsone as attorneys to deliver seisin.
Signed : per me Robertum Neuton.
Endorsed : theys were present when Robert Atkynsone
& John Moyre delyuered possession & seism to sir John Shore
to the vse & behoyff of William Wygston the zonger of
Leycestre marchaunt of the staple at Calls.
Sir John Whytmore prest.
William Zonge.
John Akyrke.
Thomas Veynter.
Raffe Poyte & other moo the days & zere wythin wrytten.
767 Same date. Indenture of bargain and sale by the said
master Robert Newton to the said WilhamWigston of three
mese places lying in Norton besides Galbye with all the
lands, etc. To hold to him, etc. for ever. Warranty and
q.e. the chantry or college of a master and two priests in the church
of Manton.
NORTON AND GALBY 413
usual clauses. Estate to be made before the feast of the
Annunciation next. The said William shall pay £50 14 s.,
whereof the said master Robert by these presents holds
himself content.
Seal.
768. [ 1 5 H e n . V I I I ] , month of Easter. Final concord in
the king's court at Westminster, before Robert Brudenell,
Lewis Pollard, Richard Broke and Anthony Fitzherbert,
justices, etc. between William Wygston the younger, Thomas
Wygston, clerk, and William Gyllot, clerk, plaintiffs, and
Robert Newton, clerk, master of Manton, co. Rutland,
deforciant, concerning three messuages, 120 acres of land, 20
acres of meadow and 12 acres of pasture in Norton by Galby.
The said Robert has recognised the said tenements to be the
right of the same William Wygston, as those which the said
William, Thomas and William have of his gift, and has quitclaimed
them and granted warranty; for which the said
William, Thomas and William have given him 100 marks of
silver.
Endorsed: deliberatur per proclamacionem secundum
for mam statuti.
768A. Counterpart of above, endorsed Leyc*. Inter Willm
Wygston Jun. & alios querentes.
769. [ 1 9 H e n . V I I I ] , 25 May. Leycester. Release and
quitclaim by Thomas Wigston, William Gillott, John Shore,
clerks, to sir William Fyshar and sir Richard Walche, his
confrater, chaplains, and the twelve poor men of' the
hospital of William Wigston the younger of Leycester,
merchant of the staple of the town of Calais, of all their right
in three messuages and 4i virgates of land in the town and
fields of Norton by Galdbye. To hold to them and their
successors for ever.
Two seals.
Endorsed : Releas of Norton.
770. Sheet of paper, n.d. Thomas Bryggs clerk Jhon
oryggs R,chard Kyrke Jhon Dawe senior of Galbe & Jhon
Uaue Junior wher present when possession was taken at
Norton of & in the lands of ffeofment in Lecester shire
414 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
j' the effecte of the dede of master Thomas
Weston® clerke & here of master William Wrgston of
Leceycter merchaunt of the stapule of Calys.
Hew Renold of Alyngton Thomas Fysher of Foston Richard
r of Redmell wher present when possession was taken at
Ryer n & Alyngton in Lincoln sh.re 1 also was ther present
Jholr Thorpe of Syelle & Willram Thorpe of Quenyburo.
T, ac Clarke Robart Goodwyn Hew Goodwyn of
Swanyngton William Ewyn Wylliam Clarke Thomas Clarke
Sf Richard Clarke wher present when possession was
taken at Hornyngloo in Staffordshire.
XIII. OADBY.
771. N.d. SZLi&r aX-&s SiTst. rc s.S 3. - *-
Hugh Page, of Outheby.
Seal gone.
771a. Another copy (a draft) unsealed; handwrrtmg c.
1400, possibly a late copy.
772 N d. Grant and confirmation with ^ltc1^'
Agnes Sauuey of Outheby, in her free widowhood and awfu
assigns. Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert Vlf, clerk, Hugh Blacwyne, Roger
OADBY 415
Justise, Walter le Heyr, William Vlf, Robert Blacwyne, Hugh
Thurkyl, clerk.
773. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Roger Sumard of
Outheby to Richard of Saluei, of Outheby, for his homage
and service and for 20s. paid in hand, of half an acre of land
under Langemor, between the land of Robert Vlf and that
of the said Richard, and of a rood and a half upon Brockesole
hul, between the land of the said Richard and that which
was of Heymer le Munk. To hold of the said Roger and
his heirs for ever, rendering therefor yearly a penny on St
Martin's day for all services. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Derling, Hugh Vlf, Hugh David,
Adam of Glen, Stephen the priest.
Seal gone.
774. N.d. Grant, quitclaim and confirmation by Adam,
son of Roger Sumard of Houtheby, to Richard of Sauuey and
of the same, for homage and service and for 12d. silver paid
in hand, of the premises as above [Brokisole hul for
Brockesole hul\. 1 o hold as before, rendering therefor twopence
on St Thomas the apostle's day before Christmas for
all services. Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert Ulf, Adam Derling, Hugh Ulf, Adam
of Glen, Ives Blacwin, Richard upon the Hill [super monfem],
Hugh Page.
Seal.
Endorsed : Carta R. Sauuey facta per Adam filium Rog.
Summard.
775. N.d. Indenture of grant and confirmation by Adam,
son of Robert of Houtheby, to Richard Sauuey of the same,
of a selion from his croft, lying next the garden of the said
Richard, and extending from the garden of Adam Hemeri
to the lane, and a headland from the said croft next
Michildic, extending from the said Richard's garden to the
headland of Walter le Kyrkeby : in exchange for half a rood
of land lying upon Timbyl between the land of Geoffrey Gund
and that which was of Hugh Daui, and extending from the
headland of Adam of Glen to the headland of Hugh Ulf. To
hold of the said Adam and his heirs free of all services, etc.
Warranty.


416 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses : Hugh Ulf, Robert of Glen, Roger Garlond,
William Houtby, Roger Justise, Adam Derling, Hugh Page.
Fragment of seal.
Endorsed: Carta R. Sauuey facta per Adam filium
Roberti clerici pro una selione de crofto suo.
776. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Agnes, daughter of
Henry Page of Outheby, in her free widowhood, to Robert
Daui of Outheby and Hugh his son, of a rood and a half of
arable land in the east field, between the land of the said
Robert and that sometime of Nicholas le Heyr, extending
into le mideliste rigge wey. I o hold, etc., of the chief
loids, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert Ulf, Robert Sauuey, Robert le Heyr,
Robert Hemeri, Hugh Vlf, Roger . . . uel, Roger at
Church, of Outheby.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : Carta Agnetis fil. Henrici Page de Outheby,
relicte quondam Ricardi Pathisic (?).
777. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Amice, sometime
the wife of Robert Sauuey of Outheby, in her free widowhood,
to Agnes, Felice and Anabil. her daughters, of ten
acres of land, with two roods of meadow lying in the great
meadow, and with common of pasture pertaining to half a
virgate of land, and with all other appurtenances in the fields
of Outheby, to wit, in the east field, a rood in to the Nestewelle
springes, next the land of Roger Justice; half an acre
upon le Dedemor, next the land of Robert Baroun; a rood
and a half into Strettongate, next the land of Robert Norreys;
a rood and a half extending to the boundary of Striton and
upon the headland of Robert Baroun, next the tenement of
Robert Dauy; a rood extending in to Stoutonmor, next the
land of Robert Outhi, extending upon the headland of
William Sauuey; a rood and a half extending in to Brodesike,
next the land of Robert Hemery; half an acre extending in to
Horstonsikenethirhonde, next the land of Robert Vlf; half an
acre upon Smore, next the land of Richard Abbot, and
extending upon the headland of William Sauuey; a rood and
a half in to Cromborousike, next the land of Robert Dauy.
In the south field, a rood and a half in to Foxlongsike, next
OADBY 417
the land of Robert Hemery; half an acre extending in to
Glengate. next the land of Theobald aon of Robert; half an
acre and half a rood extending in to Salt Riggewey, next the
knd of Robert Ulf; a rood m to Wlrichegate, next the land of
I 4 f R k ! n n a C r e e x t e n d i n 8 i n t o B a d f o r d a l e , n e x t t h e
land ofRobert Dam; a rood and a half in to Badfordale, next
the land of Robert Vlf; a rood lying in Stetcros, next the land
of Al.ce Derlyng; a rood upon Timhull. next the land of John
^wT S ^ "'"'K and "Pon the headland
°l T'luTf ^°°j 3 haIf upon Middilhul, next
the land of Roger Garland, in the north field, half an acre
vTk If8 m Ho'bJ°oouerende, next the land of Robert
Vlf; half an acre and half a rood in to Short Rigewi, next the
land of Robert Hemery; a rood and a half in the Wattri, next
the land of Robert Hemery; half an acre lying in the Wattri.
next the land of Robert Vlf; a rood and a half atte Halle Wal,
next the land o Robert Jhurkel; half an acre in to Suitum
mere next the land of John Derlyng; a rood in to Holbroc,
next the land of Al.ce Derlyng; a rood of meadow, next the
meadow of Robert le Eyr; and a rood of meadow lying next
the meadow of John at Town , end. To hold to the said
Agnes, fel.ce and Anab.l for their whole life by service of a
rose at the NaUv.ty of St John Baptist for all secular service
ltd's.aen,ldwLraynty.e ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
Witnesses. Robert Vlf, Robert Hemery, Hugh Vlf
Ae cTerke e"d' Ro«" Justice, Thoma^
No seal.
CW 2R79i 1S"n<Ja« a/'er the ,nuent<°" °i the Holy
Outh K , r> u o °uthJebj'- Grant hy Robert Sauey of
Outheby to Robert Somard of Outheby, of three acres of
be* in h '"rk U °f °ULthabof th<= «b'oH one acre
R n k . vV°L '° W',t- half an acre next tha land of
Robert Vlf. abutting upon that of William Vlf, and the other
halt upon the same ullage, next the land sometime of John
acre J j" aC'e HeS ™ 'he eaSt field' viz- ha|f a"
ESL D a r°°1' ,nrext the land of Thomaa of Outheby
tbe^and eX'ends " to Smorslade, next
the land of the said Thomas; and a rood in to Brodesike
next the land of Robert Vlf. And in the south field an acre'
418 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
viz half an acre in Sowslade, next the land of Thomas de le
Huh and a rood and a half into Sowslade next the land of
Thomas Sauey; and half a rood upon M.ddulhul. next the
land of William Koc. To hold of the grantor and his hens.
WaWtaesses : Thomas Outheby Simon Blakwine Robert
Vlf, William Vlf, John Pantre, John Wyte, of Outheby.
Seal gone.
779. 1396, 29 Sept. See No. 796A.
780 1399, 19 October [Sunday after St Lufc;, / Hen. IV].
Outheby. Grant and confirmation by WUham of Seyton
^ of the church of Lilleborn'. to Richard Byrehe of
Outheby, of all his lands and tenements in the town and fields
of Outheby, with meadows, etc., which he held ,o.ntly with
Hugh Dauyt of Outheby and Joan Sawuey of the - o e
gift and feoffment of Amice Sawuey of Outheby . To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Vlf, Lawrence Derlyng John Whyte,
of Outheby; John Cokke, John Scotte, of Lilleborn.
Seal gone.
781 1400, 24 August [St Bartholomew the£P°stle> 1 He"'
chief lords, etc. Warranty, under pain of £20 to be levied
kiT.iT:' •>«,., K™. WW, w.
Richard Campion. John WynatWa. Lm«.ance Dadyng.
Seal gone.
782. 1411, 23 May. See No. 796A.
783. 1446, 18 Nov. See No. 796A.
784 1463 [3 Edw. IV], 31 Oct. Cobham, co. Kent
Letters patent of Peter Mason and Roger Chypp, executors of
'Instituted 16 Jan., 1375-6 (Bridges, Hist. Northants I, 573). "Cf. No. 777.
The charter referred to here does not appear in this serie .
OADBY 419
the testament of Roger Birche of Cobham, to the effect that,
whereas the said Roger Birche by his testament or last will,
made at Cobham, 12 April, 1463, willed and ordained that his
tenement, situate in the town of Oudeby, with all lands, etc.,
and all their appurtenances, should be sold by his said
executors, the said Peter and Roger Chypp, in fulfilment of
the said will have sold the premises to master William
Hobson, to hold to him, his heirs and assigns, for ever.
Witnesses: Richard Jeskyn the younger, Richard
Gerdelar, John Hale.
Two seals.
785. 1463 [3 Edw. IV], 3 Dec. Ouhdeby. Delivery
and confirmation by Roger Galyard and Thomas Plasterer of
Ouhdeby to Peter Mason of Loddesdon1, co. Kent, and
Roger Chippe of Cobham, co. Kent, assigns and executors of
Roger Birche, late of Cobham, William Hobson, clerk, John
Yerisley, Robert Holt, John Wharfe of Cobham, Richard
Dene of Mepham2, co. Kent, John Reynold of Leycester and
Thomas Belle of Ouhdeby, of all lands, tenements, etc., in
the town and fields of Ouhdeby, which the said grantors had
of the gift and feoffment of the said Roger Birche, now
deceased. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses: Robert Kemp, Thomas Foster, Thomas
Passewater, Robert Tokeby, Richard Munk, of Ouhdeby.
Two seals.
786. 1465, 2 June [Pentecost, 5 Edw. IV]. Oteby. Indenture
of lease by Robert Dyssney of Holdecote3, co. Bedford,
to John Roberdis of Leycester, draper, of a yearly rent of 10s.
payable from two messuages situate in the town of Oteby!
viz from one messuage late of John Oteby, 4s., and from one
of John Becket, 6s., for a term of ten years, with remainder
to the said Robert, his heirs and assigns. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Brokesby, William Passewatur, Robert
Clark, of Oteby.
Seal.
1 787u n6f Edw• lV\ • I Oct. Oudeby. Indenture of
lease by Robert Dyssney of Holdecote, co. Bedford, to Roger
^uddesdown. 2Meopham. 2Holcutt, near Woburn.
420 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Wygston of Leycestre, marchant, of a yearly rent of ten
shillings from two messuages situate in the town of Oteby,
tiz four shillings from a messuage now of master Walter
Oudeby, clerk, late of John Oudeby and s,x shdlmgs from
one of John Becket, which the said Robert, by indenture^dated
arOteby, otherwise called Oudeby, on the feast of Pcnt«ost
5 Edward IV [2 June, 1465], granted to John Roberdes of
Leycestre, draper, his heirs and assigns, for the term of ten
yeL, with reversion to the said Robert. To hold to the said
Rogei, his heirs and assigns, for the term of 89 years.
^Witnesses: John Brokesby, gentilman William Passewatur,
Robert Clerke, Robert Couper, [blank] Forster, of
Oudeby.
Seal.
788 1467 [7 Edw. IV], 2 Oct. Bond of Robert Dyssney
of Holdcote. CO. Bedford, gentilman, to Roger Wygston of
Leycestre, merchant, in £10, to be paid at Christmas next.
Condition [mostly illegible] endorsed.
Seal gone : simple queue.
789 ,467 [7 Edward IV], 20 Oct. Oudeby Quit-
1 \J Robert Dvssney of Holdcote, gentilman, to Roger
Wygston cff Leycestre, merchant, of all his right in the rents
aforesaid. Warranty.
Witnesses as before.
Seal.
Endorsed : Capit. redd, de Oudeby.
790 1471-2 [ 1 1 E d w . I V ] , 20 Feb. Qfclaim
detvty' ^c^tna^on o^Roger Galyard and Thomas
Plasterer of Ouhdeby by a charter of feoffment thereof made .
Six seals (fragmentary).
lSee No. 785.
OADBY 421
c ' 1- u w7 Ti ' , T pni- ^uhdeby. Grant and
confirmation by Wi Iiarn Hobson, clerk, to Robert Burdon of
Hauerbergh of all his lands, tenements, etc., in the town and
fields of Ouhdeby which were sometime of Roger Byrche of
Ouhdeby. 1 o hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Brokesby, John Cowdeby, Robert
Clerke, John Amore, William Campion.
Seal.
792. Same date Letter of William Hobson, clerk, constituting
John Gowdeby and Henry Rawsby his attorneys to
deliver seism of the premises to Robert Burdon of
Hauerbergh.
Seal gone [simple queue].
Q 7 9 k \ 4 n A l E d W ' x i V ' Q ^ l a i m b y W i l l i a m
Smyth °f Oudeby to Robert Staunton, esq., John Fyssher,
clerk, and Roger Wygston of Leycester, merchant, being in
full and peaceful possession, of all his right in all the lands
tenements, meadows grazings and pastures in the town o^
fields of Oudeby, which were late of Roger Byrche of the
same, now deceased. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Bekkett, gent., John Brokesby, gent..
Thomas Foster, Robert Clerke, Robert Couper, of Oudeby.
Seal.
794. 1473 [13 Edw. IV], 15 June. Ouhdeby. Grant and
confirmation by Robert Burdon of Hauerbergh to Robert
Stanton, esq., John Fyssher, clerk, and Roger Wygston of
Leycestre, merchant, of all the lands, tenements, etc., in the
town and fields of Ouhdeby which he had of the gift and
feoffment of William Hobson, clerk2. To hold, etc., of the
chief lords. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Waleys of Wygston, gent.; John Bekett,
gent., John Brokesby, gent., Thomas Foster, Robert Clerke,
John Gowdeby, William Campion, of Ouhdeby
Seal.
Hlul\ STG day' • °uhdeby- Letters of Robert Burdon of
auerbergh, constituting William White, chaplain, and
'Market Harborough. 2See No. 791.
422 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
c . r 1 .£ I -vcestre His attorneys to deliver seisin
Stanton, John and Roget.
Seal.
i at2 r 12 PAi,-, IV1 20 lune. Owdeby. Grant and
J V V R<Lert Clark of Owdeby and William White, late
delivery by Robert Clark ot ^ ^ Stanton, esq., John
of L°Ug ^ Roger Wygston of Leycestre, merchant,
t efde^r Ca7atd, Ig- Owi*. SfJG " Pake'late
of Owdeby. To hold, etc., of the chief Wds.
Witnesses : John Waleys of Wygston, gent., John Bekett
of Owdeb" gent., John Gowdeby Thomas Foster Robert
Clerke, William Campion, Robert Couper, of Owd y.
Two seals.
796A. Attached to this is a parchment with copies of three
charters, viz.
hold, etc., of the chief lords. Warranty.
Witnesses: Robert Ulf, William Ulf, John Pantre, John
Gaylard, Lawrence Derlyng, of Oudeby.
(21 [No 782] 1411, 25 May [Monday be/ore Penfecosf "
rrJK5SX=iiNB="«£K*
OADBY 423
other; and eight acres of arable land in the fields of Oudeby
with the pasture of one great beast. To hold, etc., of the
chief lords. Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert Ulf, Nicholas Waleys, Thomas Ulf,
Roger Cook, Richard Campion, of Oudeby.
'With seisin thereof delivered by virtue of letter of
attorney.
(3) [No. 783] 1446 [25 Hen. VI], 18 Nov. Owdeby. Grant
and confirmation by Hugh Pake of Owdeby to John Palmer
of Carlton Cotyngham, esq., and the other seven named in
the charter of 20 June, 1473, above, of all his lands and
tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Owdeby. To hold,
etc., of the chief lords. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Campion, William Devet the elder,
Oliver Davy, Thomas Plasterer, Robert Kempe, of Owdeby.
Endorsed (in late hand) : Odby.
797. 1473 [13 Edu). IV], 21 June. Owdeby. Quitclaim
by Katherine Bothe of Owdeby, widow, daughter and heir of
Hugh Pake, late of Owdeby, deceased, to Robert Stanton,
esq., John Fyssher, clerk, and Roger Wygston of Leycestre,
merchant, of all her right in the aforesaid three acres, which,
among other lands and tenements, descended to her by
hereditary right after the death of the said Hugh. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Waleys of Wygston, gent., John Beket,
gent., John Brokesby, gent., Thomas Foster, Robert Clerke,
Robert Cowper, of Owdeby.
Seal.
798. 1473 [13 Edw. IV], 6 October. Owdeby. Quit-claim
by John Waleys of Wygston, gent., to Roger Wygston of
Leycestre, merchant, of all his right in a piece of land lying
in Owdeby between the land of the said Roger on one side
and that of John Brokesby on the other, and extending from
the land of the said John Waleys to the king's way, and of
all his right in a silver farthing of yearly rent issuing from a
tenement and certain lands in Owdeby, now of the said
Roger.
Witnesses: Robert Raulot, mayor of the town of
424 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
T Peter Curtes, bailiff of the same; Robert Sheryngham*
John Reynold, William Holbeche, of Leycestre; John
Brokesby Thomaa [blank], of Owdeby.
Seal.
799 1484 [I Rich. I l l ] , 9 May. Odeby. Grant and confirmation
by William Owey of Odeby to Roger Wrgston of
Leycestre, Lrchant, of a yearly rent of three shrlhngs and
three hens, issuing from a bovate of land m the town and
fields of Odeby, with all his right therein, the which bova e
fs called Seyves thing. To hold, etc., rendenng therefor to
to the said William and his heirs yeady a red rose on the
feast of St John Baptist, if it is asked. Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert Wodford, John Brokesby, gentlemen;
William Paskall, Robert Clerk, of Odeby.
Seal.
800 1501 [17 Hen. V I I ] , 7 October. Quit-claim by
William Smyth of Slawston to Roger Wygeston the elder of
Leycestre merchant, of his right in all the lands, tenements,
etcTm the town and fields of Oudeby, whrch were of Roger
Birc'he of Oudeby, deceased. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Brockesby gent., William Harryson.
Richard Clerke, Richard Oye, John More, of Oudeby.
Seal.
801 1518 [10 Hen. VIII], 1 August. Indenture of ba'Sam
and sale by William Wygston the elder of^
Wvoston the younger, merchant of the staple ot Cales, or a
lbs hinds .tenements, etc., in Oudeby. Estate to be made
before Christmas. William the younger will pay £33 6s. 8d.,
of which £20 is now acknowledged to be paid.
Seal.
802. 1518 [10 Hen. V I I I ] , 2 August. Delivery and com
formation by William Assheby, esq., and William Bolt, a
fh™ stance" and desire of William Wygston the elder, son
messuages, lands, tenements, etc., in Oudeby, where1olF £t
said William Assheby and William Bolt, together with John
OADBY 425
Wygston and others, deceased, had, among other manors,
lanes and tenements, of the gift and feoffment of the said
Roger. To hold to the said William Wygston and the heirs
of his body lawfully begotten, of the chief lords, etc., with
successive remainders to Cecily, wife of William Vyllers, and
the heirs of her body lawfully begotten, and to the next heir
of the blood and name of the said Roger, his heirs and assigns.
Power of attorney to Thomas Ippon to deliver seisin.
Two seals. On the tag of one the signature : William
Bolt.
803. 1518 [10 Hen. VIII], 4 August. Letters of William
Wygston the elder, son and heir of Roger Wygston, deceased,
constituting John Oxon his attorney to receive seisin of the
premises.
per me Wylliam Wygston, sr.
Seal [simple queue].
803A. A second letter to the same effect: the name of the
attorney 'Jhoem Oxton' is written in in William Wygston the
elder's handwriting.
per me Wylliam Wygston, siour.
Simple queue : unsealed.
804. 1518 [10 Hen. VIII], 20 October. Grant and confirmation
by William Wygeston the elder, son and heir of
Roger Wygeston, deceased, to William Wygeston the
younger, Thomas Wygeston, clerk, and William Fyssher,
clerk, of all his messuages, lands, tenements, etc., in the
town and fields of Oudeby. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Power of attorney to John Oxton to deliver seisin.
per me Wylliam Wygston siour.
Seal.
Endorsed : Possessio voluntarie data et pacifice accepta
in festo sancte Agnetis primo post meridiem anno salutis 1518
hiis testibus Willelmo Eyre Johanne Bryghes, Roberto Whyte
Roberto Pykk et Johanne Bonam et multis aliis [21 Jan.
1518-19].
805. 1518 [10 Henry VIII.] A month from Michaelmas.
Final concord in the king's court at Westminster before
426 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Robert Rede, Richard Elyot, Lewis Pollard, John More,
Kooert rx William Wvgston the younger, Thomas
justrees, be we and William Fyssher, clerk,
plaintiffs' Id WilHam Wygston the elder, deforciant, of a
me suage 120 acres of land, 10 acres of meadow, 20 acres of
oasture and 10s. rent with the appurtenances m Oudeby,
S,Weof a plea of covenant was summoned between them ,n
the same court; to wit, that the said William the elder recogthe
same c r;ght of the same William the
nised the premises to ^ the J ^ ^
Thomas' Roger and William Fyssher h a v e of the gift of the SC.
Thomas, Roger and William Fyssher gave to the said William
the elder £40 sterling.
Endorsed: Deliberate per proclamacionem secundum
for mam statuti.
805A. Counterpart: Endorsed: Leyc. Inter Willelmum
Wygston Jun. et al.
AOA 1 371 113 Hen VIII], 20 Sept. Quitclaim by Thomas
hl.Ci'L'h'lLm Wig.™ the young., ,n LeycatM. lo
successors for ever.
per me Thomam Wygston.
Seal.
Endorsed : Release of Owdebye.
XIV. SEAL.
807 1278, 25 Sept. [Sundry before Michaelmas 6Ed£
I 1 Appilby Condonation, release and quitclaim y
/.] Appilby. kt to William, son of Philip of
1Seal.
SEAL 427
two comings to his court yearly, to wit, once at Michaelmas
and once after Easter only, to appear there upon reasonable
summons or by certain attorney according to the custom of the
king's realm of England. For this the said William has given
20 s. sterling in hand.
Witnesses : Richard son of Peter of Dorandestorp1, Hugh
son of Mathew of Stretton, Ralph Wischart of Scheyle, Henry
Pachet of the same, Henry le Fiz, William Pescher of
Appilby, Richard le Herper of Appilby, Thomas le Herper,
Henry called Clerk.
808. 1331-2, 12 March [St Gregory the pope, 6 Edw. III.]
Scheyle. Grant and confirmation (indented) by Hugh the
clerk of Scheyle to Ralph Wiscard, of half an acre of arable
land in the fields of Scheyle, lying upon a tillage called
Schepehouforlong, between the land of the abbot of
MirawalF on either side. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Richard Oky, William Attewode, Richard
Lovet, William Wischarad, William Phelyp, of Scheyle.
Seal gone.
809. 1349, 24 Nov. [Tuesday before S t Katherine, 23
Edu). III.] Grant and confirmation by John, son of Ralph
Wichard of Sheyl, to Dieta, daughter of Richard le Smeth of
Thomphorth3, of a plot of land with its appurtenances, to wit,
the houses set thereon, and all other liberties and easements
whatsoever in the town of Sheyl to the said land in whatsoever
way belonging; the which plot of land lies between the
land of William Wichard and that of William of Brewod; and
of three and a half acres of arable land, for the term of her
life : the which acres are contained in charters afore
written. To hold to the said Dieta, her heirs and assigns, for
the term of her life freely, quit, well and in peace, by right
and i n heritage for ever (sic). Warranty ( l e f t incomplete).
Remainder after her death to Ralph, son of William Wichard,
and his lawful heirs, with reversion to the proper heirs or
assigns of the said Dieta, doing to the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
'Donisthorpe. 2The Cistercian abbey of Merevale, co. Warwick, near
Atherstone. 3Apparently Tamworth.
428 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses : William Wichard, Robert the clerk, William
Attewod, Richard Lovet, Emery Lefitz, all of Sheyl.
Seal gone.
810. 1353, 26 November [Tueesday after S t Katherine, 21
Edu). III.] Scheyle. Grant and confirmation by William, son
of Adam of Octhorp1, to Geoffrey Wichard of Scheyle, of a
messuage with curtilage in the town of Scheyle, between the
messuage of Thomas Phelip and that of William Hokny. To
hold, etc., rendering therefor yearly to the chief lords of that
fee fivepence at the Nativity of St John Baptist for all
[services]. Warranty.
Witnesses : sir Thomas of Octhorp, chaplain; William
Wechard, William atte Wode, William Hokny, Robert the
clerk, of Scheyle.
Seal.
811. 1359, 6 June [Wed. before Pentecost, 33 Edw. III.]
Nezurscheyle. Grant and confirmation by William of
Henore2, dwelling in Ouereschezle, to Ralph Pachet of the
same, of half an acre lying in Nezurscheyle in the east field
next le Biggesithe, between the land of sir Richard de Staford,
kt., on one side, and that of William of Pype3 which Robert
of Schafturschyre now holds for term of years, on the other.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert le Clerk of Nezurscheyle the elder,
Robert le Clerk the younger, William son of Robert, John
Hemery, William Wychard, Hugh le Hayward, William
Attewode, of the same.
Seal gone.
812. 1360-1, 17 Feb. [Wed. after S t Escholace the Virgin,
35 Edu). III.] Nezurscheyle. Grant and confirmation by
Robert le Clerk the younger of Nezurscheyle to Richard
of Horseleye, chaplain, William Attewode of Nezurscheyle,
Robert le Clerk the elder, John Rouhale, Hugh le Hayward,
John Hemeri, Robert son of Denise, William Attewode the
younger, William Oky, Robert le Cartewryth, William
Wichard, Ralph Horner, John of Brewode, William Robyn,
^akthorpe. 2Heanor, co. Derby. 3Pipe Ridware, co. Staff., near
Lichfield.
SEAL 429
William le fiz, Walter of Etewalle of the same, Nicholas
Anketel of Lynton, Gregory the bailiff, Richard of
Childecote1, Thomas le Schepeherd, Ralph Pachet, John le
Schepeherd, Robert son of William of Octhurp, Robert of
Baggeworze2, Ralph le Coupere, John son of Thomas,
William Henor, John Neel, and their assigns, of an acre of
aiable land in Nezurscheyle, whereof half an acre lies in le
Hasulfeld, between the land of the prior of Greseleye3 and
that of John Oky, extending to Lullynton broc, and the other
half acre lies in the east field, next le Biggesithe, between the
land of sir Richard de Stafford, kt., and that of William Pype,
which Robert of Schaftuischire now holds for term of years4.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Attewode the younger, John Hemeri,
William Wichard, William le fiz, William Oky, John of
Brewode.
Seal (in canvas).
813. 1362, 20 July [Wed. S t Margaret, 36 Edw. III.]
Kyrkesheyle. Grant and confirmation (indented) by Thomas
Phelip of Kyrkesheyle to John Rwall [sic] of Toneworth5 and
Alice his wife, for the term of their lives in survivorship, of a
messuage lying between the messuage of the same John and
that of William Oky, and of all the lands and meadows in
the town and territory of Kirkesheyle, which descended to
the said Thomas by inheritance after the death of William
his father. 1 o hold of the said Thomas and his heirs,
rendering to them 18s. of silver at Michaelmas and the
Annunciation of Blessed Mary by equal portions. Warranty.
Witnesses : Edmund of Appleby, kt., William Attewode,
Robert Clerk the younger, William Wychard, Ralph Paget of
Ouersheyle.
And the said John and Alice grant that they will repair
and maintain in good state three houses being in the said
messuage, to wit, the hall with the chamber, and a barn, as
long as they shall be in the guardianship of the same.
Two seals.
814. 1364-5, 26 Jan. [Sun. after St Fabian and St Sebastian,
39 Edw. III.] Nezurscheyle. Grant and confirmation by
lChilcote, 2Bagworth. 3The Augustinian priory of Gresley, co. Derby.
4Cf. No. 811. 'Probably Tamworth, though the form indicates Tanworth.
430 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Geoffrey Wychard of Nezurscheyle to Robert son of Denise
of the same and his heirs, of half an acre of arable land in
Nezurscheyle in a place called Dademor, between the land
of sir Edmund de Appulby, kt.f and that of Thomas Felip.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Attewode, Hugh le Hay ward,
Robert le Clerk, Peter Oky, William son of Robert, of
Nezurscheyle.
Seal gone.
815. 1388, 7 Dec. [Monday after S t Nicholas, 12 Rich.
U ] Scheyle. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Phehp
of Scheyle to John Schulton of Stretton1, of 18s. annual rent
issuing from a messuage and two virgates of land in Scheyle,
the which Alice, relict of John Ruale of Scheyle, holds of
the said Thomas for term of life2, together with the reversion
of the said messuage and virgates in the said town tae
death of the said Alice; the which premises, with meadows,
etc., should revert to the said Thomas and his heirs after
her death, [but] shall remain to the said John of Schulton.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Thomas de Stafford, Edmund Appulby,
knights; William Oky, Richard Lozot, Robert Diesone,
William Jankynsone of Stretton, John of Melton.
Seal.
816. 1396, 1 June [Corpus Christi, 16 Rich. II.] Scheyle.
Release and quitclaim by Thomas Phelip, son and heir of
Thomas Phelip of Scheyle, to John Schulton of Stretton, of
all his right in 18s. rent issuing from a messuage and two
virgates of land in Netherscheyle, which Alice, relict of John
Ruale of the same, holds for term of life. Warranty of the
rent, together with the said messuage and virgates, after the
death of the said Alice.
Witnesses: William Oky, Robert Diesone, William of
Stretton, John le Sauage, Robert Mason.
Seal.
817. 1399, 9 May [Friday after Ascension, 22 Rich. II.]
Scheile. Letters of John Schulton of Netherscheile, appointing
William White of Scheile his attorney to deliver seisin of
1Stretton-en-le-Field. 2See No. 813.
SEAL 43!
all his lands, tenements, rents and services in Netherscheile
to Henry Payn, chaplain, William Clement of Childecote,
and William Oky of Scheile.
Witnesses : Robert Diesone, William Legegode, Thomas
Clement, Richard Wychard, Robert Brewode of Scheile.
Seal gone [simple queue].
818. 1399, 14 Nov. [Friday after S t Martin the bishop,
I Hen. III. (st'c)] Scheile. Grant and demise (indented) by
Henry Payn, chaplain, William Clement of Childecote, and
William Oky of Scheile, to Alice who was the wife of John
Schulton of Netherscheile, for term of her life, of all the
lands, tenements, rents and services, which they had of the
gift and feoffment of the said John in Netherscheile and the
fields thereof. To hold of the chief lord, etc. With remainder
to the right heirs of the said John Schulton, to hold of the
chief lord, etc.
Witnesses : Robert Diesone, William Legegode, Thomas
Clement, Robert son of William Fyz, Richard Cartwryght of
Scheile.
Two seals (fragmentary): the third gone.
819. 1469, 18 July [Tuesday before S t Mary Magdalene,
9 Edw. IV.] Nedershiel. Grant and confirmation by William
Wright alias Geffreyson of Burton upon Trent, to Robert
Leggegode of Nedershaile and Joan his wife, and to the
heirs and assigns of the same Robert, of a messuage with
seven acres of arable land with the headland lying with the
same (cum capic eisdem iac), and their appurtenances in
Nedershaile and the fields thereof, lying according to the
metes and bounds made there of old, and according to the
bounds of the ancient evidences, in the county of Leycester.
To hold the said messuage, etc., with the headland of the
same acres, of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Vnderlay of Sheilgraunge, John Baily
of Ouershaile, John Shilton, George Clerk of Burton, William
Pachet.
Seal.
820. 1494-5 [10 Hen. V I I . ] , 8 March. Sheile. Grant and
confirmation by Robert Leggegode of Nethersheile to Richard
432 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Shilton, of a messuage with seven acres of arable land lying
severally in the town and fields of Sheile; the which messuage
lies between the land of Henry Gillott and that of the abbot
of Murevale and Edmund Appulbi. To hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William Vernon, esq., William Dedik, esq.,
Thomas Wydderley, John Marchinton, bailiff of Sheile,
William Pachett.
Piece of seal.
821. Same date. Letters of Robert Leggegode of Sheile,
appointing William Pachett his attorney to deliver seisin of
the premises to the said Richard.
Seal gone [simple queue cut away].
822. 1524-3 [16 Hen. VIII], 20 Jan. Indenture (English) of
bargain and sale by Rauff Shylton of Loughburgh, son and
heir of Richard Shylton, for the sum of twenty marks, to
master William Wygston of Leycestre the younger, of all such
meases, lands, tenements, etc., which were late of the said
Richard the father of Rauff in Nethersheyle and elsewhere
in the county of Leycestre. Estate to be made at the cost
of the said William, clear of all encumbrances, save only rent
and service due to the chief lords. Rauff acknowledges full
payment of the said twenty marks.
Per me Rauff Shelton.
Seal.
823. 1524-5 [16 Hen. VIII], 21 Jan. Grant by Ralph
Shylton, son and heir of Richard Shylton, late of Loughburgh,
to William Wygston the younger, merchant of the
staple of Calais, Thomas Wygston, clerk, William Gyllot,
clerk, and Richard Fynnys, of all his lands, etc. in Nether
Sheyle and Ouer Sheyle. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to
the use of the said William Wygston. Warranty. Appointment
of Thomas Dawkyn and John Goodwyn as attorneys to
deliver seisin.
Signed : per me Rauffe Shellton.
Seal.
Endorsed: Theys men folowyng were present when
possession was takun of Shylton lands at Seyll.
SEAL 433
Peter Dawmon
William Graunger
Thomas Pege
William Singulton
John Ratlyff & multis aliis.
k 8R4' h ' 5Fn'9 Hen\xr\v^ ' w DeC' Re,ease and by Richard Dyson to William Wygston, jun., merchaqnuti otcfl atihme
Staple of his right in all his messuages, lands and tenements
imn NNeptthheerrssnheepel l.
Seal gone.
Wigston of Combe co. Warwick, to Henry Barnes, citizen
and grocer of London, Robert Pachet of Leicester, William
Gdlot of the same, and Walter Browne of the same, clerks,
of all his messuages, lands, tenements, etc., in Nether Sheyle
and Ouerseyle. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty
Appointment of Thomas Thorpp and John Reed, clerks as
attorneys to deliver seisin of the premises.
Per me Willm Wigston.
Seal (Wigston signet).
k 8W11 Sam\?/date' 'n^ent"re (English) of bargain and sale
by William Wigston of Combe, co. Warwick, esq., to Henry
Barnes, citizen andI grocer of London, Robert Pachet of
Leycestre, William Gillot of the same, and Walter Browne of
fi u ci°f|a11 hi,S messuages' etc. in the towns and
fields of Nether Shade and Overshaill. To hold, etc. for ever.
Evidences to be delivered before Easter next, and estate to
£25^ 8.T tW° yCarS' The purchasers Promise ^ pay
Signed : per me W. Wygston.
Seal gone.
826A. Counterpart of same. Seals gone.
°£unc. pp* ncoial cura,e of Seal in 1526 {s-h"d"
434 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
XV. SWANNINGTGN.
827. N.d. Charter of William Mansell
William Mansell to all men and to his friends, French
and English, both present and future, greeting. Know ye that
I have granted and by this charter confirmed to Robert Arrabi
and his heirs, for his homage and service, his right which
he deraigned in the court of the earl of Chester by fine of
duel, by precept of the lord king; to wit, the service of Warin
of Swaninton from 7 virgates of land. To hold of me and
my heirs free and quit of all service, save foreign service, for
7s. to be rendered yearly to me and my heirs : to wit, 3s. 6d.
at the Nativity of St John, and 3s. 6d. at the feast of St
Thomas the Apostle; saving the tenement of the aforesaid
Warin. For this grant the aforesaid Robert has given me
20s.
Witnesses : John the chaplain, John of Scathewall1, Luke
of Quatremares, Robert of Dina. Richard of London, Robert
son of Mainard, Ogger Arrabi, Adam Arrabi, Stephen son
of Ralph, Gilbert son of Edwin, Roger son of Godeb', Hugh
of Oddeston, Richard of Snippeston, Ralph son of Robert,
and many others.
Large yellow wax seal, about 2 inches diameter, with
figure of armed horseman. The legend is SIG[ILLVM] WILL
MANSE [LL] . The matrix had the inscription with the letters
cut unreversed from left to right of the surface, so that they
appear reversed from right to left.
Endorsed : Carta Will. Maunsel de Swaningtun.
827A. Another copy, identical.
Seal in bad condition.
Endorsed as above. Also (late hand) Swanyngton.
Willms Mansell vij virgat' terr. Rob'to Arrabye.
828. N.d. Grant by John of Ibbestok and of Swaniton,
and Agnes his wife, to Geoffrey the cook of Barton, of a rood
of arable land in the territory of Swaniton, with the meadow
appertaining, for his service and for five shillings of silver
paid in hand, lying upon the tillage called Newebregche,
between the land of the monks of Gerudone" and that of
Hugh Chisel, and extending from Merismedewe as far as
lShawell. -Garendon.
SWANN1NGTON 435
Wytewyc Weye. To hold of the said grantors and their heirs
or assigns freely, etc., for ever, with all the easements and
liberties appertaining to the premises, rendering therefor
yearly a silver halfpenny at Christmas for all worldly service,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Talebot of Swaniton, William War*
of the same, Hugh Chisel of the same, William son of William
of Doniton, William Mowere of the same.
Seal.
Endorsed : Johannes Ibstock vna Rod* &c. Galfrido Coco.
Swanyngton.
829. 1311 [5 Edw. II], 20 August. Grant of free warren
under sign manual of Edward II.
Edward, etc., to archbishops, etc., greeting. Know ye
that, at the instance of our beloved yeoman Ralph of
Waltham, we have granted and by this our charter confirmed
to Alan Talbot of Swanyngton, that he and his heirs for ever
shall have free warren in all his demesne lands of Swanyngton
co. Leices, provided that those lands be not within the metes
of our forest; so that no man may enter those lands to hunt
or to take anything which appertains to warren therein,
without the licence and will of the same Alan or his heirs
upon forfeit of £10. Wherefore we will and firmly charge'
for ourselves and our heirs that the aforesaid Alan and his
heirs for ever have free warren in all his demesne lands aforesaid,
provided, etc., so that, etc., as is aforesaid.
Witnesses : the venerable father W., bishop of Worcester
our chancellor1; Gilbert de Clare, earl of Gloucester and
Hertford; John de Warrena, earl of Surrey; Edmund, earl of
Arundel; Roger de Clifford; Payn Tybetot; Edmund de Malo
Lacu, steward of our household, and others. Given by our
hand at London, 20 Aug. in the fifth year of our reign.
By writ of privy seal. Heghham.
\I/83j I* Grant and confirmation by Thomas de la
Warde of Swanyngton to John the miller (Molendinar') of
ytewy , or his service and for a sum of money paid in
and, of two selions of arable land with the capital meadow
joining m the fields of Swanyngton, lying in my long croft
1 Walter Reynolds, bishop of Worcester 1308-1313.
436 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
• \ nPYt the land of William son of
close together (propinqutus , behind the garden of
Austin, and extendmg R°m the path beh Tq
Agnes daughter o Wrlhatn Zref or yearly to the
chief Torc^a ^ Wfpenny' at the Nativity of St John Baptist.
Wary' Alan Talbot William of Appilby, Richard of
FrodHyen,eHugf> Campion, William Leffyn, of Swanyngton;
Robert of Colleshull, clerk.
Seal gone.
Ml 1320-1 5 March [Thurs. before St Gregory the
, J IjJ • rl) Grant by Simon of Wordmgton, dwelling
pope, 14 EdW 1 )• Weleston1, for his homage
in Swanigton, to Henry Blodles ot^ ^ ^ ^ ^
and service, and o q{ & certain dole lying
coal mine and of each sing Godbert and that
UrHLonvgeoTBlLlrdeb andndextendmg in length from
of Henry of Bla«° . towards Ouerton2. and in
bmachh^twenty feet To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty. .. d* u J
Seal gone.
Endorsed {late hand): Swanyngton. Simon Worth,ngton
minera carbonum Henrico Blodles.
832. 1321-2, 7 Feb. [Sunday f ctrfon °J{ ^
15 EdW. HI] Swanigton Grant by E PP ^
IZlnTe'lu: ofSSwanigtoe: ^age which
is called Langelondes. between the hta»y and that
c-Va »
V«,.nW. Rict„d
Richard the derk-
Piece of seal.
1 Apparently Wilson, near Breedon. 'Cole Orton.
SWANNINGTON 437
833. 1333, 19 Dec. [Sunday after St Lucy the oirgin, 7
Edw. Iff] • Swanyton. Grant by Stephen of Houden,
dwelling in Witewyk, to John Bourgeyse of Swanyton, of half
an acre of arable land in the town and fields of Swanyton,
the which lies upon a tillage called le Coufforlong, between
the land of Roger Godbert and that which William Talbot
now has. To hold of the chief lords. Warranty.
Witnesses : Henry of Blacfordeby of Swanyton, John
Leffyn, Wllliam Telbe, William Grym, W'illiam Taylboys,
Ralph Mot', James Edelyn, John le Styrter.
Seal gone.
Endorsed (late hand): Swanyngton. Stephanus Houden
Johanni Burgess di acr. ter.
834. 1340-1, 25 Feb. [Sunday after St Matthias, 15 Edw.
HI]. Release and quitclaim by John Appulby of Swanyton to
sir James Blacfordeby, chaplain, of Swanyton, of all his right
in a messuage and seven acres of arable land in the town
and fields of Swanyton, with meadows, leasowes and pastures,
moors, marshes, mines, and all other commodities belonging
to two virgates of land within and without the town of
Swanyton, with a yearly rent of 7s. issuing from the premises.
Grant also to the said sir James of the third part of the
grantor's messuage, with seven roods of land, etc., within the
town of Swanyton, which the said grantor's mother, Joan,
held by the name of dower after the decease of Elias of
Appulby.
Witnesses : Sir Thomas Pollard, chaplain, William Telbe,
William Grym, William Campion, Alan Broun.
Piece of seal : broken in two.
Endorsed (late hand) : Swanyngton. Relax. & eciam concess.
Johannis Appulbi Jacobo Blackfordby.
835. 1344, 5 July [Monday after St Peter, 18 Edw. III.]
Swanyton. Grant and confirmation by William Campion of
Swanyton to sir James of Blackfordeby, of .... a rood
of arable land in the town of Swanynton, lying upon a tillage
called le Breche, between the land of Adam Tewe and that
of the said James. 1 o hold, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William Grym; John Leffyn, Alan Broun,
John Ibestok, John Haket, of Swanyton.
438 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Seal gone.
Endorsed in late hand : Willelmus Campyon roda, etc.,
Jacobo Blackfordby.
836. 1349, 10 July [Friday after St Thomas the Martyr,
23 Edw. Ill]. Swanyton. Grant by Roger of Blacfordeby of
Swanyton to sir James of Blacfordeby, perpetual vicar of the
church of Wythewyk, and Henry and John, sons of the said
Roger, of a messuage lying between the messuage of Ives
of Prestewald on either side, with all the lands and tenements
which he has in the town and fields of Swanyton. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Ives of Prestewold of Swanyton, John Leffyn,
John Ibestok, Alan Broun, John Naueneby.
Seal gone.
Endorsed: Rogerus Blackfordby mess. & omnia ter. &
tenementa Jacobo & aliis filiis suis.
837. 1351, 5 May [Thurs. after the Invention of the
Holy Cross, 25 Edw. Ill] Peghelton1. Release and quitclaim
by John Eluet to master Henry Motoun and Simon Motoun,
of all his right in the manors of Swanyngton, co. Leic., and
of Segbroke, co. Lincoln2, with all their commodities, and in
all goods and chattels in the said manors; the which manors
the said master Henry and Simon, John le Beure and the
said John Eluet, together had of the gift and feoffment of
sir John Talbot, kt.
Witnesses: sir William Motoun, sir Richard of Shulton,
knights; Simon Pakeman, John of Stapelton, William of
Loughteburgh, Richard of Beby, of Leycestre.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Relaxacio Johannis Olnet ( s i c )
Henrico Mutton.
838. 1360-1, 8 Feb. [Monday after the Purification, 35
Edw. Ill]. Swanyngton. Grant by Ellen, daughter of John
Nicolsone of Raueneston, to John Talbot, knight, lord of
Swanyngton, of seven selions of land in Swanyngton, lying
together next the land of the said John on one side, and
'Peckleton. 2Sedgebrook.
SWANNINGTON 439
abutting upon the king's way; the which the said Ellen
recovered in the king's court as her heritage against John of
Wyldesleye and the others contained in the original writ.
To hold to the said John, his heirs and assigns for ever.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Simon Pakeman, Lawrence Hauberk,
Richard of Leycestre, John Bluet, William Pegg, John of
Ayleston, Henry of Ayleston.
Seal gone.
Endorsed: Helena Nycholson Johanni Talbott vii
seliones terre.
839. 1369, 2 Nov. [Friday, All Souls' day, 43 Edw. Ill]
Swanington. Grant and confirmation by Edmund, son and
heir of Roger Blacfordebi of Suanington, in his full age, to
1 homas Blacfordebi of the same, of all the lands and tenements
of the said Edmund in the town and fields of
Suanington with coal-mines (minis carbonum), meadows
grazings and pastures, and all other commodities thereunto
appertaining within the town of Suanington and without.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Richard Gylle, of Suanington; Thomas Broun,
James Cook, Thomas Ibstoke, Symon Wryght.
Seal in white wax.
Endorsed in late hand : Edwardus Blackfordby, Thomae
Blackfordby omnimodas etc. mineras carbonum.
840. 1402, 8 June [Thurs. before St Barnabas the apostle,
di u'jl J"r Indenture of grant and demise by Richard
Blakfordby of Swanyngton, son and heir of Thomas
Blakfordby of the same, to Robert Dycun of the same,
of the moiety of a croft lying in the town and fields of
bwanyngton, the which moiety the said Richard had by right
of inheritance after the decease of Thomas Blakfordby his
father; and John Blakfordby has the other moiety of the gift
and grant of the same Thomas their father. To hold, etc.,
for the term of fifteen years for a sum of money paid in hand.
And the said Richard has granted, for himself and his heirs,
that no buyer shall expel the said Robert from the premises
during the said term. Warranty.
Witnesses : Alan Souche, Thomas Broun, John Huet.
440 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Seal gone.
Endorsed (late hand): Swanyngton. Indent, dimid.
crofti pro xv annis.
841. 1439 [17 Hen. VI], 2 June. Sekbrok. Demise,
enfeoffment and confirmation (quadripartite indented) by John
Souche, kt., Thomas Rempston, kt., Nicholas Wymbyssh.
clerk, Robert Stokwyth, clerk, Hugh Wymbyssh, esq., and
John son of Ralph of Leek, esq., to Margaret, wife of John
Markham, serjeant at law, one and the second born of the
daughters and heirs of the late Simon of Leek, esq., deceased,
of their manor of Segbrok, co. Lincoln, and all their lands and
tenements in the town and fields of Grantham, and of their
manor of Swannyngton with all its members, etc., in cos.
Leicester and Warwick; the which manors, etc., they lately
had jointly, among other lands and tenements, with Godfrey
Leek, now deceased, of the gift and feoffment of John in le
Wroo of Gaddesby, vicar of the church of Whitewyke. To
hold to the said Margaret and the heirs of her body lawfully
issuing of the chief lords of the fee, etc., with successive
remainders, in default of such issue, to Mary, the wife of
Giles Daubeney, kt., the eldest daughter of the said Simon,
to Elizabeth, the wife of Hugh Hercy, esq., the third, and
to Anne, wife of Richard Wyloughby, esq., the fourth
daughter of the said Simon, and the lawful heirs of their
bodies respectively, and, in final default, to the right heirs
of Joan, sometime wife of the said Simon, daughter and heir
of John Talbot, kt., deceased.
Witnesses: John Busshe, kt.; Thomas Merys, esq.; John
Boys, esq.; John Bellers, esq.; Thomas Palmer, esq.
Three seals (including Zouche's and Rempston s) perfect;
two (including Wymbyssh) fragmentary, one gone.
Endorsed: Swanyngton. Feoffamentum Johannis Souch
et aliorum cofeoffat. Johannis in le Wroo Margarete Mark,
et aliis in general, tall, reman, rectis hered. Johanne Leek,
fil. et hered. Johannis Talbott militis.
842. 1460 [38 Hen. VI], 15 April. Swanyngton. Grant
and confirmation by Ralph Hyntus of Whytwyk to John
Markham and Margaret his wife, of all the said Ralph s lands,
etc., which he lately had of the gift and feoffment of Thomas
Johnson of Markefeld, kinsman and heir of Robert Dycons,
SWANNINGTON 441
late of Swanyngton1. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : John Hewet, Thomas Nedam, Hugh Walker,
Henry Blakfordby, William Addecok.
Seal, broken.
Endorsed in late hand : Feoffamentum Radulphi Hyntus
Johanni Mark. & Margar. vxori pro terr. que fuerunt Roberti
Dycons.
843. 1461, [/ Edw. IV], 16 May. Swanyngton. Grant
and confirmation by Thomas Creweker, late of Swanyngton,
to John Markham and Margaret his wife, and to William
Porter, of a moiety of the lands and tenements in Swanyngton
which were of John Colyer the elder, kinsman and heir of
sir John Colyer, chaplain; the which moiety the same sir
John, together with the other moiety of the said lands and
tenements, by the name of his salary for three years, lately
purchased of Robert Rous, late of Threnkston2. To hold of
the chief lord, etc., to the said John, Margaret and William,
and to the heirs and assigns of Margaret. Warranty.
Witnesses : Richard Goodwyn, Ralph Hyntus of
Whytwyk; Thomas Netam, John Hewet, Henry Blakfordby,
of Swanyngton.
Small fragment of seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Tho. Croker feoffauit Johannem
Mark. Margaretam vx. eius, Willelmum Palmer [sic] & hered.
Margaret.
844. 1478 [18 Edw. IV], 6 Oct. Swanyngton. Grant and
confirmation by Richard Jakeson of Whitwyke to dame
Margaret Markham, widow, Thomas Palmer, rector of the
church of Seggebroke, and William Malen of Whitwyke, of
all those lands, etc., in the town and fields of Swanyngton,
which the said Richard lately had of the gift and feoffment
of Robert Rychemonde, late of the same. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Hewet, Robert Robynson, William
Hyne, John Baily, John Olyuere, of Swanyngton.
Small round seal.
'See No. 840. 2Thringstone.
CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
442 uin.»*
!1MC) dRe^uilu-nt Robeni
Rychmond.
8 4 5 - . V7 9
of trth^ch'of'se^ebroke. and William Malyn «f^ Tt^S* Hen,
John Olyuere, of Swanyngton.
tetraftrTulun'
846. Same da\e v^fnVkf to dSnT Margaret Markham,
Ralph Hyntus of Seggebroke.
"^r^^rc-RowRob,,
John Olyuere, John Bayle. of Swanyngton.
x.ss^s£=:5£t daughter of John Browne, .^.^T^M^kham, kt.. sir
dame Margaret, late the Seggebroke, and
Thomas Palmer, rector o ^ ^ ^ right and claim in all
William Malen of Whi y . jotm Browne.
1 Atherstone, co. Warwick.
SWANN1NGTON 443
Round seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Johanna Maynerd alia filiarum
Johannis Browne remisit jus suum in purparte sua prefate
Margarete, Thome et Willelmo Malyn, etc.
848. 1480 [20 Edw. IV], 16 Dec. Swanyngton. Grant and
confirmation by Richard Harberde of Wylnale1, co. Stafford,
and Katherine his wife, sometime the daughter of John
Browne of Swanyngton, and John Johnson of Sybeston, co.
Leices., and Alice his wife, sometime the daughter of the
said John Browne, to dame Margaret, late the wife of sir
John Markham, kt., sir Thomas Palmer, rector of the church
of Seggebroke, and William Malen of Whitwyk, of all their
lands, etc., in the town and fields of Swanyngton. To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Ralph Hyntus, Hugh Whalley, of Whitwyk;
John Hewet, William Hyne, John Bayle, William Drawry, of
Swanyngton.
Four seals on two tags.
Endorsed in late hand: Feofatm. Margaret, vxori
Johannis Marham (sic) et aliis per coheredes Johannis
Browne.
849. Same date. Swanyngton. Grant and confirmation by
Joan, late the wife of John Balle of Bylston, sometime the
daughter of John Browne of Swanyngton, in her pure widowhood
and lawful power, to dame Margaret, late the wife of
sir John Markham, kt., Thomas Palmer, rector of the church
of Seggebroke, and William Malen of Whitwyk, of all the
lands, etc., in the town and fields of Swanyngton, which
descended to the said Joan by right and by inheritance after
the death of the said John Browne her father. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Ralph Hyntus of Whitwyk; John Hewet,
Robert Robyn, William Hyne, John Bayle, of Swanyngton.
Part of seal.
Endorsed in late hand : Johanna Balle feoffauit predictam
Margaretam, Thomam, et Willelmum Malyn de purparte
Johannis Browne quondam patris sui.
1Willenhall.
444 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
850. 1480 [20 Edw. IV], 18 Dec. Swanyngton. Release
and quitclaim by Robert Balle, son and heir of Joan Balle of
Bylston, to dame Margaret, late the wife of sir John Markham,
kt., sir Thomas Palmer, rector of the church of Seggebroke,
and William Malen of Whitwyk, of all his right in all the
lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Swanyngton,
which the same Margaret, Thomas and William lately had
of the said Joan, the grantor's mother. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Hewet, William Hyne, Robert Robyn.
Seal.
Endorsed in late hand: Relax. Roberti Ball predict.
Margt. Tho. & Will. Malyn de terr. que fuerunt predicte
Johanne.
851. 1498-9 [ 1 4 H e n . V I I ] , 6 January. Indenture of
bargain and sale by John Markham, esq., to Humfray
Banaster, gent., of his manor of Swanyngton with all his other
lands and tenements, etc., in Snypston, Raunston, Ibstoke,
Hathurne and Harbury1 and elsewhere within cos. Leycester
and Warwick, which late were of Thomas Markham, father
of the said John, or any other to his use. To hold to the
said Humfray and to his heirs in fee simple for evermore.
The said manors, etc., are warranted by the said John to be
of the yearly value of £16 above all charges and reprises,
and to be discharged of all annuities, etc., and all other
manner of charges, the services to the chief lords of the
fees thereof due only except. Estate to be made by the
Nativity of St John Baptist next coming, the said John undertaking,
if the said premises be not extended at as much as
£16, to make up the full value with other lands and tenements
to the amount . The said Humfray undertakes to pay £250
in money and wools, of which he has paid £50 on the day
of the making of these indentures, and shall deliver or do to
be delivered to the said John at Pentecost, 1500, at Caleys,
wools to the value of £100, as wools now goeth or shall then
go in the staple at Caleis, and at Pentecost, 1501, wools to
the value of another £100, after the rate of wools in the said
staple, in full contentation and payment.
Seal.
By me John Markham.
•Snibston, Ravenstone, Ibstock, Hathern, co. Leices. ; Harbury, co.
Warwick.
SWANNINGTON 445
Endorsed : ( I ) B a r g a n . e t v e n d i c i o n i s J o h a n n i s M a r k h a m
Indentur. de manerio de Swalyngton (sic) pro parte Humfridi
Banaster.
(2) Irrotulatur in Banco Rotulo tercio de cartis scriptis et
proteccionibus cogn. et alloc, de termino sancti Hillarii anno
regni regis Henrici septimi post conquestum quarto decimo.
852. 1498-9 [14 Hen. VII], 6 Jan. Acknowledgment of
bond by John Markham, esq., to Humphrey Banaster and
Godard Oxenbrugge, gentilmen, in £400, payable at Pentecost
next.
Blofeld.
Signed : By me John Markham.
853. 1498-9, 6 Feb. Westminster. Recovery by Giles
Daubney of Daubney, knight, Edward Hastynges of
Hastynges, knight, Thomas Fenys, esq., Godard Oxenbrigge,
esq., and Robert Oxenbrigge, esq., before Thomas Bryan,
knight, and his fellow justices of the Bench, Hilary term,
14 Hen. VII, against John Markham, esq., of the manor of
Swalyngton, 12 messuages, 10 tofts, 20 virgates of land, 100
acres of meadow, 200 acres of pasture, 100 acres of wood,
and 16 s. rent, in Swalyngton, Suylton1, Raunston, Ibstoke,
Hathurne, and Harbury.
Caryll.
Endorsed: Recuperare Manerii de Swanyngton versus
Johannem Markham.
854. 1498-9 [14 Hen. VII], 20 Feb. Mandate from
Richard Pudesey, knight, sheriff of Leicester, to William
Barbour and Richard Ynce, to give seisin without delay to
Giles Daubney of Daubney, kt., Edward Hastynges of
Hastynges, kt., Thomas Fenys, esq., Godard Oxenbrygge,
esq., and Robert Oxenbrygge, esq., of the manor of Swanyngton
with its appurtenances, 12 messuages, 10 tofts, 20 virgates
of land, 100 acres of meadow, 200 acres of pasture, 100 acres
of wood, and 16s. rent in Swanyngton, Snypston, Raunston,
Ibstoke, Hathurne and Harbury, which they recovered in the
king's court before his justices by writ of entry upon disseisin
in le post against John Markham, esq.
1Sic : Snibston is meant.
446 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Seal (fragmentary) : simple queue.
Endorsed: Preceptum execuc. seisinae super Recuperari
per Vicecomitem.
855. 1498-9 [14 Hen. VII], 1 March. Delivery, demise and
confirmation by Giles Daubney, lord of Daubney. kt., Edward
Hastynges, lord of Hastynges, kt., Thomas Fenys, esq.,
Godard Oxenbrigge, esq., and Robert Oxenbrigge, esq., to
Humphrey Banaster, gent., of their manor of Swanyngton and
all other lands, tenements, etc., which late were of John
Markham, esq., or of any other person to his use in Swanyngton,
Snypston, Raunston, Ibstoke, Hathurne and Harbury,
which the said Giles, Edward, Thomas, Godard and Robert
of late in the king's court before his justices at Westminster
recovered against the said John Markham, esq., by the king s
writ of entry upon disseisin in le post, as is more fully certain
by record in the same court, to the use and need of the said
Humphrey, his heirs and assigns. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Power of attorney to William Lotte and Thomas Smythe
to deliver seisin.
Witnesses: Robert Sheffeld, kt.; Thomas Frowyk,
serjeant at law; Thomas Pygot, gent.
Five seals (one broken), with signatures above each, viz.
Giles Daubney, E. Hastynges, T. Fenys, G. Oxenbrigg, per
Robart Oxenbrygg.
Endorsed: Feoffamentum recuperat. versus Johannem
Markham fact. Humfride Banester.
856. Same date. Letters of Humphrey Banaster, gent.,
appointing John Fowler, gent., and John Rede his attorneys
to receive seisin of the manor of Swanyngton, and of all other
lands, tenements, etc., which were late of John Markham,
esq., or of any other person to his use in Swanyngton,
Snypston, Raunston, Ibstoke, Hathurne and Harbury,
according to the force, etc., of a charter of feoffment made by
Giles Daubney, lord of Daubney, kt., Edward Hastynges,
lord of Hastynges, kt., Thomas Fenys, esq., Godard Oxenbrygge,
esq., and Robert Oxonbrygge, esq., to the said
Humphrey, bearing date I March, 14 Hen. VII.
By me Humffray Bannaster.
Seal.
SWANNINGTON 447
Endorsed : Swanyngton. Litt. attornat. Humfridi Banaster
ad deliberand. seisinam.
857. 1498-9 [14 Hen. VII], 2 March. Release and quit
claim by John Markham, esq., to Humfrey Banaster, gent.,
of all his right in the manor of Swanyngton, and in all other
lands, tenements, etc., in Swanyngton, Snypston, Raunston,
Ibstoke, Hathurne and Harbury, or elsewhere in cos.
Leycester and Warwick, which were of Thomas Markham,
father of the said John, or of any other person to his use.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Robert Sheffeld, kt., Thomas Frowyk,
serjeant at law; Thomas Jakeys, gent.
Seal.
Endorsed: Relaxac. Johannis Markham ar. Humfrido
Banester. Swannington.
858. 1499 [14 Hen. VII], 17 April. Be it known to all
men that wher as I John Markeham Squyer haue solde vnto
Humfrey Banistre squyer the Manor of Swanington within the
Countie of Leycestre with al the profytes and Commoditees
therunto belonging for the somme of £250 sterling / the same
to be paid in woll. Wherof £50 sterling 1 received in hand.
£100 sterling should be paid at the fest of Witsontide which
shalbe in the yer of our lord god 1500, and the other £100
sterling at the fest of Wytsontyde whiche shalbe in the yer
of our lord god 1500 and oon. As by Indentur betwyn vs
bothe theruppon made more pleynly it dothe apper. / Of the
whiche £250 sterling 1 the seid John Markeham knowlage and
confesse to be truly payed and content at the Sealing of thes
presentes / and for the same £250 I acquyte the seid Humfrey
his heires and executours for euermore by thes presentes /
In witnisse wherof herunto I haue set my Seall. Dat' the
xvij day of Aprill the xiiij yer of the Reign of king Henry
vijth.
By me John Markham.
Seal (fragment).
Endorsed: Quytauns of Jhon Markham agaynste
Oumfrey Banyster.
859. 1499 [14 Hen. VII], 20 May. Be it known to all men
that I John Markham Squyer haue receyuyd and had the
448 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
day of date of thes presentes of Humfrey Banistre gentilman
the somme of £100 sterling in full contentacion and peyment
of £250 sterling vnto me payed for the maner of Swanington
with the lands and tenements, etc., sett and lying within the
counties of Leycestre and of Warewyke; the which forenamyd
£100 sterling should haue been payed vnto me the
seyd Markham in wollys at the fest of Pentecost which shalbe
in the yere of our lord god 1501. Of the which foreseid £250
sterling 1 the seid John Markham knowlage me thoroughly
to be truly payed and content. And for any further payement
to be made or claymyd for the forenamyd maner, etc., I
exclude me, etc., and myn heyres for euermore.
By me John Markham.
Small piece of seal: simple queue.
Endorsed : Acquittanc' & release.
860. 1519 [I I Hen. VIII], 12 August. Indenture (English)
of bargain and sale by Sir Humfrey Bannaster, kt., mayor of
the town of Cales, to William Wigheston, merchant of the
staple of Cales, by his factor and attorney William Brayfield,
and to Robert Harwar, also merchant of the same staple, of
all his lordship of Swanyngton in the parish of Whytweke, and
all the lands, tenements, etc., thereto appertaining in cos.
Leycestre and Warwik and elsewhere. Estate to be made
before Christmas next. The said factor or attorney and
Robert Harwar agree to pay 500 marks, viz. 100 marks at the
sealing hereof, 200 marks on I December next, and 200 marks
at the feast of St Bartholomew [24 Aug.] 1520. A. Dyer.
Signed : H. Bannastr' K.
Seal.
Endorsed : Indentura vendit. Humfridi Banaster Willelmo
Wigston.
861. 1519 [// Hen. VIII], 23 August. Grant and confirmation
by Humfrey Bannaster, kt., mayor of Cales, to William
Wygheston, merchant of the staple, Thomas Wygheston,
clerk, Roger Wygheston and Robert Harwar, merchants of
the staple, of all his lordship of Swanyngton in hte parish of
Whytweke, with all lands, tenements, etc. To hold of the
chief lords, etc., and therefrom to fulfil the last will of the
same William Wygheston. Sealed with the mayoral seal of
Cales, as the said Humfrey's seal is unknown to many.
SWANNINGTON 449
Witnesses: Thomas Thwaytes, esq., Christopher Tempest,
merchant of the staple, and Adrian Dyer, burgess of
Calais.
Two seals (fragments : the mayoral seal much broken).
Signed : S' H. Bannast' K.
Endorsed : Feofamentum Humfridi Banester Willelmo
Wigston et alijs dominij de Swanyngton.
861 A . A duplicate of the same but with special mention
of Snypston, Kaunston, Hathern and Harbury. One seal
remains, but mayoral seal a mere fragment.
Signed : S* H. Bannastr K.
„r„E,nd°Zerd •' Swanyn,gton & alii- Feoffamentum H. Banister
Willelmo Wygston & alijs.
862. 1519 [// Hen. VIII], 26 August. Letters of Humphrey
Bannaster, kt., mayor of Cales, appointing Peter Bony
of Beaumont Leys, co. Leycestre, yeman, and William Bolt
burgess of Leycestre, his attorneys to deliver seisin of the
lordship of Swanyngton, etc., to William Wygheston and
the others as named in the foregoing deeds. Sealed, etc.,
as in last.
Witnesses as in the last.
Two seals [mayoral seal much broken].
Endorsed: Swanyngton tankem. Littera attornat.
Humfridi Banaster Willelmo Wigston & aliis.
863. 1519 [//Hen. VIII], 27 August. Cales. Release and
quit-claim by Humphrey Bannaster, kt, and Margaret his wife,
to William Wigston and the others as named in No. 860, of
c w/f1 Hght in their lordshiP of Swanyngton within the parish
of Whytweke, and in all other their lands and tenements,
etc. in Swanyngton, Snypston, Raunston, Hathern and
Harbury, cos. Leycester and Warwick, and elsewhere within
the realm of England. Sealed as No. 861.
Witnesses : as No. 861.
Signed : S* H. Bannast' K.
Two seals remain : mayoral seal gone.
Endorsed: Swanyngton & alij. Relax. H. Banester &
Margaretae vxoris eius W. Wigston & aliis.
450 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
863A Duplicate of the same, without mention of places
other than Swanyngton. Signature of A. Dyer in corner.
Two seals remain : mayoral seal gone.
Signed : H. Bannast' K.
Endorsed: Swanyngton tantum. Relaxacio, etc. as
above.
864. 1519 [H Hen. V I I I ] , 26 Nov. Acquittance by
Humphrey Bannaster, kt., mayor of Cales, of William Brayfeld
factor and attorney of William Wigheston, and Robert
Harwar, on account of 200 marks sterling at the rate of
exchange of the staple paid by the said factor and Robert
in part payment of 500 marks for the lordship of Swanmgton,
being the amount due on 1 December in this year.
A. Dyer.
Signed : S* H. Bannast'.
Seal gone : simple queue.
865 1520 [// Hen. VIII], 28 March. Leycestre. Release
and quit-claim by Thomas Wigston, clerk, Roger Wigston,
esq and Robert Harwar, merchant of the staple of Calais,
to sir William Fyshar and sir John Thorpe his confrater,
chaplains of the hospital of William Wigston m Leycestre,
and to the poor of the same hospital, of all their right in the
manor and lordship of Swannyngton within the parish of
Whytwhyk, with all lands, etc., in Swanyngton, Raunston
Snypston, Ibstokke, Hathurne and Arbery, cos. Leycestre and
Warwic.
Two seals, one gone : simple queue.
Endorsed : Releys of Swannyngton.
866. 1520 [12 Hen. V I I I ] , 19 August. Letters patent of
William Pryseley, mayor and alderman of the town of Caleis.
Knowe ye that this present day of making hereof personally
appered byfore vs Sir Humfrey Bannaster knight and Dame
Marget his wyff, which dame Marget was by vs taken apparte
from her said husbond and by vs was examyned of and apon
the sealing of a releas made by the said sir Humfrey Bannaster
and her, vnto William Wygheston, merchant of the staple o
Cales and othre his cofeoffees, of all their right tytle state and
demande in and to the lordship of Swanington in the countie
WIGSTON 451
of Leycester with all and singular thapportenaunces therunto
belonging, sytuate and lying aswell in the same countie of
Leycester, as in the countie of Warwik and els where within
the reaulme of England, which dame Marget Bannaster confessed,
knowleged and sayd that she of her owne free woll
without compulsion manassing or evil entreating of her said
husbond sealed and delyuered for her dede the forsaid releas,
expressely renouncing all maner of tytles which she in or to
the said lordship with thapportenaunces or any parcel thereof
may have in any wyse in tyme to com by reason of droyt de
dower, cui in vita or othrewyse, by this her present recognossance
before vs at her request registred and enrolled in
stede of a fyne for euermor in tyme to com to remeyn of
record.
Seal [mayoral seal of Calais : broken].
Endorsed: ( I ) T h e C o n f e s s , o f t h e R e l e a s e
H. Banester his wyf enrolled. (2) The fyne.
XVI. WIGSTON.
867. N.d.1 Grant and confirmation by Robert, earl of
Leycester, to sir Symon Wykingeston of Wykyngestona, kt.,
for his love, of those two chief messuages [and] that virgate
of land, together with the mill and the acre of land, which
were severally of Lawrence his father [and of Reynald
Wynturborn, and which the said Lawrence and Reynald
Wynturborn held, of the Englishmen, in Wykingest', with
the meadows, grazings, and pastures, together with the rents
and all other the liberties and commodities to the said land
and messuage belonging, with all manner easements, with
ways and paths to the said lands and mill [belonging] in what
places soever they lie or are contained, both within the town
and without; with liberty of having and holding a bull and a
boar free within our lordship of Wykingestona aforeseid,
without hindrance or disturbance of us and our heirs, tenants,
or ministers. To hold, etc., to the said Symon, his heirs and
assigns, of us and our heirs entirely, etc., as their own fee by
'A fifteenth-century copy of a twelfth-century charter, with many
inaccuracies and miscopyings, to which the seal from the original charter
was appended. Robert, earl of Leicester, is Robert Blanchesmains, who
ifsn thue ea.r'cloln1 ' 167-1190. The date of the charter is probably c. 1170-
nou; but the only definite date which gives it a final limit is the death
o r t h e p r i n c i p a w i t n e s s , T h u r s t a n , a b b o t o f G a r e n d o n , i n 1 1 8 9 ( s e e Ann.
Monastici (Rolls Ser.J II., 246.
452 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
itself as regards both suits and services of the tenants of this
land; rendering to us and to our heirs yearly a lawful penny
of England about the feast of St Michael the Archangel for all
service of them, their tenants or serjeants. Warranty against
all men, French and English.
Witnesses: Turst', abbot of Geroud'; Robert, prior of
Kenellewurd; Hugh Barre, William Bassett, Robert of Creft,
Roger of Grauf, Ralph Fryday, Henry Marchall, Hugh
Debunham, William Francis, Gylbert Champyon, Robert of
Bowyes.
Large seal (yellow wax) in green silk bag, with twisted
green cord. Impression doubtful.
Endorsed : Flaett plaes.
868. N.d. Gift and grant by Hugh of Champ' to Rannulf
the clerk of Wikingeston, of two virgates of land in Wikingeston
: to wit, the virgate which Ketel held, and the half virgate
which Turbertus held, with a toft, and the half virgate which
William, son of Godric, held, with a toft, etc. To hold of the
said Hugh and his heirs freely, etc., for 4s. to be rendered
yearly for all service. Grant also that the said Rannulf may
give the said two virgates to whomsoever he will, and that
he to whom he will give them may hold them, he and his
heirs, of the said Hugh and his heirs freely and quietly, in fee
and heritage, by the said service. For this gift and grant the
said Rannulf has given four marks silver.
Witnesses : Em de Bosco; ^Xhlham Burdet; ^X'hlham of
Wibetot; William of Kileby; William of Abteuilla; Ralph
Fridai; Simeon the clerk; Robert the serjeant, of Wikingeston;
Hugh the chaplain, of Wikstanesthowa; Richard of the
Chamber (de Thalam'), of Wikingeston.
Large seal (part): knight on horseback, on long plaited
strings of green and red.
869. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Ranulf the clerk
of Wikingest' to John his son, of a virgate of land in
Wikingest', to wit, that which Ketel held1. To hold to him
and his heirs freely, quietly and fully, in the town and without,
of Robert of Champania and his heirs; rendering therefor
1See No. 868.
WIGSTON 453
yearly 5s. at three terms, at the Purification of B.M., 20d., at
Pentecost, 20d., and at Michaelmas, 20d.
Witnesses : Henry of Champania, master Richard of
Wikingest', Gilbert the chamberlain, William his brother,
Hugh son of Edwin, Robert son of Godwin, Geruase of
Knihttona, Adam son of Richard of Outhebia, Ives son of
Robert, Richard his brother.
870 N.d Grant and confirmation by Helias, son of
Ranulf the clerk, of Wikingest', to John his brother, for his
homage and service, of a half virgate of land, with a toft and
croft and all other appurtenances in Wikingest' : to wit, that
half virgate which William, son of Godric, sometime held1.
To hold to the said John, his heirs and assigns, of the said
Helias and his heirs, freely and in heritage, with all the
liberties and easements to the said land appertaining, within
the town and without; rendering therefor yearly 2s. 9d. for all
seivice save foreign service, to wit, at the Purification of
B.M., I Id., at Pentecost, lid., and at Michaelmas, lid. For
this grant and confirmation the said John has given 3 marks
of silver. Warranty.
Witnesses : master Richard of Wiking', Robert the chaplain;
Ralph the serjeant; Gilbert the chamberlain; William his
brother; Robert son of Godwin; Adam the clerk, of Outheb';
Geoffrey of Sadint'; Lawrence the clerk.
871. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Helias, son of
Ranulf of Wikingeston, to John his brother, for his homage
and service, of a virgate of land which William, son of
Godric, sometime held, and the half virgate of land which
Thurbern sometime held2. To hold to him and his heirs of
the said Helias and his heirs, with all the liberties and easements
pertaining to the said land, within the town and without;
rendering therefore yearly 5s. and a flitch, for all service to
them belonging, save foreign, to wit, at the Purification of
B.M 20d., at Pentecost, 20d., and at Michaelmas, 20d., and
at Christmas a flitch. For the which grant and confirmation
the said John has given to the said Helias 3 marks silver.
Warranty.
Witnesses: master Richard of Wiking', Reginald son of
Adam, Hugh son of Eadwin, Gilebert the chamberlain,
NoS870N° 868' 2' e" °ne °f the tW° virgates mentioned in No. 868 : cf.
454 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
William his brother, Robert son of Godwin, Robert son of
John Nicholas son of Ranulf, Lawrence the clerk of Leyrc .
Seal (broken).
872 ]After 1246-7. ] Grant and confirmation by Helias,
son of William Randulf of Nevton*. to Robert hisson, of 3s.
rent payable yearly from Richard, son of John of W.krngeston
and his heirs: to wit, those 3s. which the sard R.chard and
h"s heirs are bound to render to the aa'd a
final concord made between the sard R.chard and Hellas
before the king's justices at Leycester, in the 31st year of
king Henry, son of king John, concerning two vrrgates of land
Xh the said Helias demanded against the said^R,chareby
the king's writ of right, in the town of W.kingeston 1 o ho d
to the said Robert and his lawful heirs: rendering therefor to
the said Helias and his heirs a pair of white gloves at
Michaelmas for all services, etc. Warranty of the said rent
payable yearly at the terms stated in the charter which the
said Richard gave to the said Helias. Remainder to the said
Helias and bis heirs.
Witnesses : William Gundwi, of Newton; Robert at the
mill, of Glen; Peter son of Roger, of Nevton; WdJla™, s f
Walter, of Glen; Geoffrey Pauey; William son of Adam, of
Glen; Roger son of Jordan; William of Glen, clerk.
Seal gone.
873 [After 1247.] Grant and confirmation with quitclaim
by Robert, son of Elyas of Neuton. to Adam, son of
Rhrhard Randolf of Wykinston, of 3s, silver of yearly rent,
which the said Adam and his heirs were bound to render
yearly to the said Robert by final concord made between the
said Richard and the said Elyas before the king s
Leycestre, 31 Hen. III., concerning two virgates of land in the
territory of Wykinston, which the said Elyas
against the said Richard by the king s writ of right. To ho d,
etc with homages, etc., therefrom forthcoming Warranty
For this gift, grant and quitclaim the said Adam has given
the said Rogert 40s. in silver in hand and the said Robert
and his heirs henceforward shall be able to have no claim
the said rent.
1Newton Harcourt.
WIGSTON 455
Witnesses: sir Alexander of Arecurt1; Ralph Friday,
Henry Eyrig, Adam Toki, Henry Coc, Roger Thomas, of
Wykinston; William Gundi, of Neuton; Richard on the hill
(super montem), of Outheby.
Seal.
^em'ss'on' grant and quitclaim by Robert,
son of Elyas of Neuton, to Adam, son of Richard Randolf of
Wykmston, of 3s. yearly rent which he was wont to render
yearly and owed to the said Robert from a virgate and a half
of land in the territory of Wykinston, to wit, from that virgate
and a half which Ranulph the clerk bought of Hugh
Champain. To hold to the said Adam, his heirs and assigns,
freely etc for ever, with homages, services, reliefs, escheats,
and all other issues and casualties in any wise from the said
rent forthcoming. For this remission, etc., the said Adam has
given 40s. in hand, that neither the said Robert nor his heirs
may henceforward be able to have any claim in the said
rent.
Witnesses: sir Alexander de Arecurt; Ralph Fridai;
Adam Thoki, Henry Coc, of Wykinston; William Gundi of
Neuton; Richard on the hill of Outheby; Simon son of
Hemeri; Henry the clerk.
Seal gone.
875. N.d. Grant and confirmation by William, son of
Elyas of Neutona, to Adam, son of Richard Randolf of
Wykinstona, of all his right and claim in 3s. yearly rent,
which Robert, the said William's brother, has sold to the said
Adam, out of two virgates of land in the territory of Wykynston;
to wit, those two virgates which Hugh Champayn sold
to Ranulph the clerk2. To hold, etc., with the homages, etc.,
forthcoming therefrom.
Witnesses : sir Alexander of Arecurt, Ralph Friday,
Henry Eyrig, Adam Thoky, of Wykinston; William Gundi, of
Nevton; Richard on the hill, of Outheby; Henry the clerk.
Seal.
876. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Alexander, son of
J homas of Wykinston, to Ralph Balle of the same town and
his heirs, of 4 selions of land in the fields of Wikinston : to
'I.e. Harcourt. 2See Nos. 868, etc.
456 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
wit one selion next the way of Glen except one selion next
the'land of Richard Alwyne; one selion extend,ng uponi the
k rlland of St Wistan1, next the land of Richard Randolf;
one selion expending ,o the way of Hocthon' next the and
o"Richard Randolf; and one sehon under Eyl, next the land
o John Becke. To hold of the sa.d Alexander and h,S hens
to the said Ralph, his heirs and assigns, freely and m hentage;
rendering therefor yearly, for all services and demands, a
halfpenny at Michaelmas. For this gift and confirmat.on the
said Ralph has given 30s. silver in hand. Warranty
Witnesses : Roger, son of Thomas; Fbchard Roc;
Richard, son of Simon; William the chamberlain; Richard
Mabile; Richard the clerk; Thomas the clerk.
Seal gone.
877 N d Grant and confirmation by Alexander, son of
Thomas of Wykinston, to Ralph Balle of the same town and
his heirs, of 5 selions of land in the fields of Wykinston, and
the quarter of meadow which pertains to a virgate of land .
to wit, one selion of land next the way of Glen, except one
selion next the land of Richard Alwine; one selion extending
upon the headland of St Wystan, next the land of Richard
Randolf; one selion extending upon the headland of John
Herrec in Hoctangathe, next the land of Richard Randolf.
one selion under Heyl at the holm of IRoger;
extending to Hawethorgathe upon the headland of Robert
Lewy. next the land of John the smith; and thequarierofthe
said meadow, as it lies in common. To hold of^the said
Alexander and his heirs; rendering therefor yearly a halfpen y
at Michaelmas. And for this g,ft and confirmation the said
Ralph has given to the said Alexander 48s. in hand.
Warranty. , ,
Witnesses : Roger son of Thomas Richard koc. Richar
son of Simon, William the chamberlain, Richard Mabile.
Richard the clerk, Thomas the clerk.
Seal gone.
878 N d Grant and confirmation by Alexander, son of
Thomas of Wykinston, to Ralph Balle of 'he same town and
his heirs, of 5 selions of land in the fields of Wykinston, and
1 Apparently land belonging to the chapel oi S. Wy.t^ ^Houghtonon-
the-Hill. 3This includes the four selions mentioned in No. 876.
W1GSTON 457
of the meadow which pertains to half a virgate of land : to
wit, one selion [as in No. 877]; one selion [as in No. 877];
one selion extending to the way of Hocthon, next the land of
Richard Randolf; one selion under Eyl at the holm of Roger,
next the land of John Becke; one selion extending to
Blabygathe, upon the headland of Ranulf the smith, next the
land of Richard Blund; and the meadow which pertains to
half a virgate of land in the fields of Wikinston. 1 o hold of
the said Alexander, his heirs or their assigns, freely, etc.;
rendering therefor yearly, for all services and demands, a
halfpenny at Michaelmas, and for relief, if it is appurtenant,
Id. And for this gift and confirmation the said Ralph has
given to the said Alexander 60s. in hand. Warranty.
Witnesses as in No. 877.
Seal gone.
879. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Alexander, son of
Thomas of Wykingeston, to Ralph Balle of the same town,
for 6 marks silver, which the said Ralph has given him in
hand, of 6 selions of land in the fields of Wykingeston, and
the meadow which pertains to that half virgate of land which
the said Alexander sometime held1 : to wit, one selion next
the way of Glen, except one selion next the land of Richard
Aldwyne; one selion upon the headland of St Wystan, next
the land of Richard Blund; one selion extending to the way
of Hocthon, next the land of Richard Aldvine; one selion
under Eyl at the holm of Roger, next the land of John Becke;
one selion extending to the way of Blaby, next the land of
Richard Blund; one selion next Cappehauitland, next the land
of Robert of Tring; and the said meadow, in the common
meadow of Wykingeston. To hold of the said Alexander,
his heirs, and their heirs and assigns, freely and in heritage;
rendering therefor yearly, for all secular services, etc., a
halfpenny at Michaelmas, and for relief, when it is appurtenant,
Id. Warranty.
Witnesses : Roger son of Thomas, Richard Koc, Richard
son of Simon, William the chamberlain, Richard Mabile,
Richard the clerk, Richard Randolf, Thomas the clerk, Ralph
Freman, William of Bruethon3.
Seal.
'This includes the five selions previously specified. aProbably Broughton
Astley.
458 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
880. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Nicholas of
Kampania to Ralph Balle and Hysenda his wife, for their
homage and service, of a plot of land in the town of
Wykingstone, lying in Hecroft, next the land of Henry son of
Symon on S., containing in itself length and breadth with
the land of William Kocus : to enclose, build and inhabit,
with free entry and exit. To hold of the said Nicholas and
his heirs freely, etc.; rendering therefor yearly for all secular
services, etc., save foreign service, 3s. silver, to wit, at the
Purification of blessed Mary, 12d., at Pentecost, 12d., and at
Michaelmas, 12d. For this gift and confirmation the said
Ralph has given to the said Nicholas 24s. in hand. Warranty.
Witnesses : Henry son of Symon, John the smith,
Richard son of Symon, of Wykigstone; Roger son of 1 homas,
clerk; Roger the chaplain; Ralph Freman, Richard the clerk;
Matthew the clerk, of Wykigstone.
Seal gone.
881. N.d. Grant by Ralph Balle of Wikyngeston, with
quitclaim, to Alice his daughter, of a toft and croft in the
town of Wikyngeston next the toft sometime of Henry son of
Symon, and of a selion of land in the field of Wikyngeston
next to Qippehundlad next the land of Robert Betrich, and
of the third part of the meadow in the common meadows of
Wikyngeston which appertains to that half virgate of and
which Alexander son of Thomas of Wikyngston sometime
held, with all the appurtenances, liberties and easements
appertaininf or adjacent to the premises. To hold of Nicholas
de Kampania, the chief lord, and his heirs or assigns, to him
and her heirs, or to whomsoever she will give, sell, assign or
bequeath the premises, freely, quit, entirely, and in heritage,
in good prosperity or in any sickness, rendering therefor
yearly for the said toft and croft to the said Nicholas de
Kampania, his heirs or assigns, three shillings, to wit at
Michaelmas 12d., at the Purification of blessed Mary 12d.,
and at Pentecost 12d.; and for the said selion and meadow,
and five other selions of land and two parts of the meadow
appertaining to half a virgate of land in the common meadows
of Wikyngeston which were given to her two sisters, as in
their charters is more fully contained to the said Nicholas,
his heirs or assigns, for all worldly services, demands, or
exactions, a halfpenny at Michaelmas, saving as much foreign
WIGSTON 459
service as appertains to the said land, and a penny for relief,
if it is appurtenant. The grantor wills, however, that Hysenda
his wife shall have her habitation for the whole of her life
in the said house with the said Alice his daughter, and shall
have moreover victual and raiment from the whole land and
meadow given to his three daughters, as she ought to have
of right. Warranty.
Witnesses : Ralph Friday of Wikyngeston, Henry son of
Symon, Henry the smith, William the cook, Ralph Goidwine,
Richard the clerk, Ralph Freman, William of Wikyngestone
the clerk.
Seal gone.
882.^ [/259-60, 21 Jan.] Covenant (indenture), made on St
Agnes' day, 44 Henry III., between Richard son of John of
Wykinggeston and Robert son of Elyas of Neuton. Richard
recognises and grants, for himself and his heirs, to Robert,
his heirs or assigns, 3s. of yearly rent with the appurtenances
in Wykinggeston; to wit, the 3s. which Elyas, father of
Robert, gave to the same Robert his son for the homage and
service * of a virgate of land with the appurtenances in
Wykinggeston. To have, etc., to Robert, his heirs or assigns,
of Richard, his heirs or assigns, at three terms of the year;
to wit, at the Purification of St Mary, 12d., at the feast of
St John the Baptist, 12d.; and at Michaelmas, 12d. And if
it happen that William, son of the said Elyas, or Agnes,
mother of the said Robert, under pretext of dower, will
challenge or exact any right or claim in the premises, Robert
has granted the premises to warrant, for himself and his heirs,
to Richard, his heirs and assigns, against the said William
and Agnes and their heirs.
Witnesses : Robert atte Mill (ad molendinum) of Glen;
William son of Adam of Glen; Peter son of Roger, and
William Gundwy of Neuton; Richard Mabile of Wykinggeston;
Henry Symun and Richard his brother; William Derling
and Hugh Dauy of Outheby, and many others.
882A. Counterpart of same. Seal.
* Counterpart has : for his homage and service; the which
also the said Elyas, father of the said Robert, recovered in the
king s court of the said Richard by a final concord made
between them concerning a virgate [etc.].
460 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
883 N d. Grant by Hawise, daughter of Hugh Coc, to
Ralph son of Robert Godwine, for his homage and service
and for 16s. of silver paid in hand, of a toft in the town of
Wikingeston, with the ditch appertaining thereto, lying next
the toft of Robert Godwine, which abuts upon the toft of
Robert Gamel, with free entry and exit to the said toft; that
toft to wit. which Richard, the spouse of the said Hawise
and she formerly sold to the said Ralph. To hold, etc. of
the said Hawise and her heirs freely, etc.. rendering therefor
yearly at Christmas a penny for all service, etc. Warranty
And, for the more surety of this gift and grant, the said
Hawise has made affidavit and has sworn upon the Gospels
that never in her life, whatsoever may befall concerning the
said Richard her spouse, will she move a plea against the
said Ralph, his heirs or assigns by occasion of the said toft,
subjecting herself to the jurisdiction of the archdeacon of
Leycester or his official, to compel her by sentence o
excommunication to keep the said grant renouncing al
cavilling and all suits of writs (impetracioni) from the court
of Rome or the king's court.
Witnesses : Ralph Friday, Richard the clerk, John the
smith, Richard son of Mabel, Robert Godwine, Richard son
of Simon, Ralph Freman.
Top part of seal.
Endorsed (16th cent.) 1 toft & fossat.
884 1269, 20 Dec. [Eve of St Thomas the apostle.]
Grant and confirmation by Alice daughter of Serlo o
Wikingiston, sometime the wife of Richard, son of Symon o
Wikingiston, in her free widowhood and lawful power, to
Ralph Godwine of Wikingiston, for 14s. silver which he has
given her in hand, of a rood of land lying in the west field
of Wikingiston upon Gonewarehil between the land o
Henry, son of Symon, and the land of William Juwet To
hold of the said Alice and her heirs to the said Ralph, his
heirs or assigns, to wit, to whom he will give, etc the
premises in health or in sickness, freely, etc.; rendering
therefor yearly a halfpenny at Pentecost for all services, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Henry, son of Symon; Adam Randolf; Henry,
W1GSTON 461
son of John the smith; Adam Toki, Henry Coc, Richard the
clerk, Walter the clerk. •
Seal.
885. 1269, 21 Dec. [St Thomas the apostle.] Grant and
confirmation by Henry, son of Richard, son of Symon of
Wikingiston, to Ralph Godwine of Wikingiston, of a rood
of land, which Alice, mother of the said Henry, in her free
widowhood and lawful power, gave, granted and confirmed
to the same Ralph : to wit, that rood of land lying in the west
field of Wikingiston upon Gonewarehil, between the land of
Henry, the said Henry's uncle, and that of William Juwet.
To hold to the said Ralph, his heirs and assigns, to whom he
will give, etc., the premises in health or in sickness, freely,
etc., by free service of a halfpenny yearly at Pentecost for
all services, etc.
Witnesses : Henry, son of Symon; Henry, son of John
the smith; Adam Randolf; Adam Toki; Henry Coc; Richard
the clerk, of Wikingiston; Walter the clerk.
Seal.
886. 1271, 8 July. Grant and confirmation by Emma,
daughter of Richard Symun of Wykingiston, in her free
widowhood and lawful power, to Margery, daughter of Henry
Symun of Wykingiston, for a mark of silver which the said
Margery has fully given her in hand, of a selion of arable
land lying in the north field of Wykingiston, and extending
into Portgate, next the land of Ralph Wych. To hold of the
said Emma and her heirs to the said Margery, her heirs and
assigns, to wit, to whom she will give, etc., the premises in
health or in sickness; rendering therefor yearly for all services,
etc., a rose at the Nativity of St John Baptist. Warranty.
Witnesses: Ralph Friday, Henry Eyrec, Adam Toki,
Adam Randolf, Henry Coc, Henry the smith, Walter the
clerk.
Seal.
Endorsed : Carta de terra Emme Simon.
887. 1271, 7 Dec. Grant and confirmation by Alice,
daughter of Serlo of Wykynggeston, in her free widowhood
and lawful power, to Margery, daughter of Henry Symon of
462 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Wykynggeston, for 10s. silver, which the said Margery has
given her fully in hand, of a selion of arable land lying in
the north field of Wykynggeston, and extending into
Normedwe, next the land that was of Ralph the serjeant on
the one side, and that of Ralph Freman on the other, with
the headland and all the appurtenances. To hold of the
said Alice and her heirs to the said Margery, her heirs or
assigns, to wit, to whom she will give, etc., the premises in
health or in sickness, freely, etc.; rendering therefor yearly,
for all services, etc., a rose at the Nativity of St John Baptist.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Henry Heyrec, Adam Toki, Adam Randulf,
Henry Koc, Henry the smith, Robert the clerk.
Seal.
888. 1272, 14 Dec. [morrow of St Lucy]. Grant and
confirmation by Emma, daughter of Richard Simun of
Wykingeston, in her free widowhood and lawful power to
Simon, son of Henry of Wykingeston, for 14s. which he has
given her in hand, of a selion of arable land lying in the west
field of Wykingeston, upon the Hountheng, next the land of
sir parson (domini persone) on one side, and that of Robert
Spire on the other. To hold of the said Emma and her heirs
to the said Simon, his heirs and assigns, to wit, to whom he
will give, etc., the premises in health or in sickness, freely,
etc.; rendering therefor yearly, for all services, etc., a rose
at the feast of St John Baptist. Warranty.
Witnesses: Ralph Friday, Henry Eyrec, Adam Toki,
Adam Randolf, of Wykingeston; Henry Coc, Henry the smith.
Seal.
Endorsed : Carta de terra Emme Simon.
889. 1272-3, 22 Feb. [St Peter in the Chair]. Grant by
Alice, relict of Richard Symunt of Wykingiston, in her free
widowhood and liege power, to Symon son of Henry of the
same, for ten marks of silver which he has given her in hand,
of 13 selions of arable land lying in the territory of Wykingiston,
to wit, one selion at Brochilslade ouereende on E., next
the'land of Adam Toky; a selion extending into Brochilslade,
next the land of Alexander of Harecourt; a selion near the
way of Brochilslade, next the land of Roger Swan; a selion
extending into Cleyhilsike, next the headland of the said Roger
W1GSTON 463
Swan; a selion upon 1 oftis, next the land of John Wykyng;
a selion stretching forward into Fulewellegate, next the land
of Robert Beatrich; a selion upon Neprotis, next the land of
Robert le Surreys; a selion extending upon Bulgerishauidlond,
next the land of the said Roger Swan; a selion upon Thackyrhil,
next the land of the said Roger Swan; a selion upon le
Moriwong, next the land of William lueth; a selion at le Pith,
next the land of the said Roger Swan; a selion abutting into
Houtonegate, next the land which was of Ralph Balle; a
selion stretching forward into Houtonegate, next the land of
the said Roger Swan, with the appurtenances and with a
dole of meadow in the meadow of ^Vykingiston, which abuts
towards the mill of Boston, with the appurtenances and with
the whole pasture which appertains to half a virgate of land
in the pasture of Wykingiston, to wit, all that pasture
appertaining to that half virgate of land which was of Serlo
son of Ranulf the clerk, father of the said Alice. To hold,
etc. of the said Alice and her heirs, rendering therefor yearly
a penny at Whitsuntide for all services, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : sir Alexander de Harecourt, Adam Randolf,
Adam Toky, Henry the smith, Henry Coc, Ralph Freman,
Henry Eyrek, Ranulf son of Agnes, of Wykingiston; Roger
the clerk.
Seal.
Endorsed (later hand): Carta de terra Alicie Simon.
890. 1272-3, I March [ Wednesday in the first Week of
Lent]. Grant by the same to the same, for four marks of
silver paid in hand, of four selions of arable land lying in the
territory of Wykingiston, to wit, one selion at the foot of
Goldehil, next the land of John Wyking; a selion extending
into le Wodegate, next the land of Adam Toki; a selion
between the paths, next the land of Adam Toki; and a selion
in a straight line next the way of Neuton, next the land of sir
Alexander de Harecurt. 1 o hold, etc. [as in the previous
charter]. Warranty.
Witnesses : sir Alexander de Harecurt, Ralph Friday,
Henry Eyrek, Adam Toky, Henry the smith, Ralph Freman,
Henry Coc, Adam Randolf, Ranulf son of Agnes, William
Cook, Roger the clerk.
Seal.
Endorsed as previous charter.
464 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
891. N.d. [1272-3]. Grant by Amice, daughter of
Richard Symunt of Wykyngiston, to Symon son of Henry of
the same, for 10s. of silver which he has given in hand, of a
rood of arable land lying in the fields of Wykyngiston, next
the land which the same Symon bought of Alice her mother1,
and abutting as far as Brockelislade ouereende. To hold,
etc., rendering therefor yearly a rose at the Nativity of St
John Baptist for all service, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Adam Randolf, Adam Toky, Henry Cok,
Henry Eyrek, Henry the smith, Robert Abouetun, of
Wykingiston; Roger the clerk.
Seal.
Endorsed as the previous chapter.
892. 1280, 22 Dec. [Sunday after St Thomas the Apostle,
9 Edw. /.] Indenture between William of Wyschton" of
Wykyngiston and Rose (Roysia) his wife, and Symon
son of Henry of Wykyngiston, his heirs or assigns, by
which the said William and Rose engage to indenture to
the said Symon a virgate of land with the appurtenances in
Wykyngiston, to wit, that which they sold to Symon, where
and whensoever Symon, his heirs or assigns, will, in the
presence of any justices in eyre in the realm of England whom
Symon, etc., will choose, immediately after Symon, etc., shall
have sued out the king's writ to this effect; and this at the
costs of Symon, etc. In default whereof they allow and are
bound by lawful stipulation to give and pay to the new aid
of the lord king, under the name of forfeit, £10 sterling, and
to Symon £60 sterling. And they grant, for themselves and
their heirs, that, if they make default in the said indenture,
the sheriff of Leycester or his bailiffs shall have power, without
any gainsaying, to compel them, by all the goods, movable
and immovable, of themselves and their heirs, had and to
have, wheresoever they shall be found in the realm of
England, to pay the said £10 to them and the said £60 to
Symon, his heirs or assigns, within fifteen days of such default;
and none the less they grant to make indenture as aforesaid.
Witnesses : sir Peter son of Roger, sir Alexander de
Harcurt, knights; Richard de Erndisby; Ralph Friday of
Wykyngiston; Adam Randolf; Adam Toky; Henry the smith
'See No. 889. 2I.e. Whetstone.
WICSTON 465
(fabro); master Robert Vlf of Outheby; Richard on the Hill
(super le H,t) of Outheby; Adam Derling of Outheby; Roger
Charity (Laritas), clerk, and others.
Seals, pointed oval, green wax: (I) an eight-petalled
flower legend s W . . ISTON'; (2) a cross with each
arm crossed. legend : s ROSIE DE WYSTVN.
893. N.d. Grant and quitclaim by William of Wiston in
Wtk.ng.ton to Simon, son of Henry of Wikingston, of all his
right in a messuage which lies next the churchyard of St
Wystan and in two and a half virgates of land and all the
rent and seryrce of Robert of Skeftington, Ralph Cower,
Rxhard Pollute, Matthew the clerk and Roger Bototurd in
Wikingston, to wit, tn those 2i virgates which William le
Hengleis sometime held of the said William. Warranty.
Witnesses : Simon son of Peter of Little Glen; Nicholas
p„ii; " R n£ ^a"oeT thf £lerk °f Wikingeston; Richard
the clerk ' Wikin^on: Richard
Seal.
894. N.d. Grant and confirmation by William of Wyston
to Simon, son of Henry of Wikingeston, of a virgate and the
fourth part of a virgate of land in Wikingeston, containing in
themselves 27 acres of land, and the acres contain in themselves
133j sehons; and of two acres of meadow, containing
in themselves nine parcels; and of 23d. (sic) rent, to be
r e c e i v e d o f R a l p h G o w e r , I 8 d . , o f R o b e r t o f S k e f t i n g t o n , I d . ,
of Richard Pollink, Id., of Matthew the clerk, l£d of the
rector of the church of Wikingston, id., even as the said
R- kJ m3S r°nt to,r^ceive of the said Ralph, Robert,
Richard Matthew, and Roger the rector, for the land which
they held of him in Wikeston, together with homages,
services, reliefs recognisances, escheats, and all other issues
and casualties from the said rent and land forthcoming. To
wit, that virgate and fourth part of a virgate of land, and that
meadow and rent which sir Edmund, the son of king Henry
LTd W neyCeSteir L-'recovered ^ the king's court against the
said William and his tenants by Jewry; to wit, for the debt of
0 sacks of wool wherein he was bound to Aron son of Viues'
the Jew of the said sir Edmund. To hold of the chief lord,'
lThe date of the document is thus later than 1265.

rendering yearly to the said William, his heirs and
assigns, a peppercorn at Christmas for all secular services and
all manner demands. Warranty.
Witnesses : Adam Randolf, Matthew the clerk, John
Godwine, Henry the smith, Roger Mabile, Robert Halle, John
the clerk, of Wikingston; Richard the clerk.
Seal.
895. N. d . Grant by William Wyschton of Wykingeston,
with the consent and assent of Rose his wife, to Symon son
of Henry of Wykingeston, for his service, of two selions lying
in the territory of Wykingestun, whereof one lies upon
Hauthernehil between the land of William Abbot and that of
William of Hamtona, and abuts upon the headland of John
Heyreke, and the other lies upon Bretterhul between the land
of John Balle and that of Ralph Scweting, and abuts upon the
headland of William Wybere ( ?). To hold of the said William
and Rose, etc., rendering yearly a rose at the Nativity of St
John Baptist for all service. Warranty.
Witnesses : sir Peter son of Roger, Richard of Herendisby1,
Ralph Friday of Wykingeston, Adam Randolf, Adam
Toky, Henry the smith, of the same; Robert Holf2 of Oudeby.
Portion of one seal.
896. N. d . Indenture of grant and confirmation by John,
son of Martin of Bail, of Wetston, to Symon, son of Henry of
Wykyngiston. and Eleanor his wife, of a half virgate of land
in the territory of Wykyngiston, that, to wit, which Richard
le Surreys sometime held, with all its appurtenances, to wit,
in meadows, etc., to the premises belonging, both within the
said territory and without. To hold of the said John and his
heirs to the said Symon and Eleanor for the term of their life,
in survivorship, freely, etc.; rendering therefor 10s. silver at
three terms of the year, to wit, at the Purification of B.M.,
3s. 4d., at Pentecost, 3s. 4d., and at Michaelmas, 3s. 4d., for
all secular services and demands. Power of distraint, if the
said Symon and Eleanor be in default at any term. Warranty.
Witnesses : Ralph Friday, Adam Randolf, Adam Toky,
Henry the smith, Robert Abovetun, William the cook, of
Wykyngiston; Roger Caritas, clerk.
Fragment of seal.
1 Arnesby. 2Vlf. Cf. the witnesses to No. 892.
WIGSTON 467
r ?J,' , Demise and grant by Margery, relict of John
of Wyntirburne, in her free widowhood and liege power, to
Symon son of Henry of Wykyngiston, of half a virgate of land
in Wykyngiston, which she had by the name of dower after
the decease of John of Wyntirburne, sometime her husband.
To hold, etc., of the said Margery, rendering to her as long as
she lives 8s. of silver at two terms of the year, to wit, at
Easter 4s. and at Michaelmas 4s., at the town of Holte.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Adam Randolf, Adam Thoky, Henry Cok,
Henry Eyrek, Henry the smith, Robert Abouetun, of
Wykyngiston.
Seal gone.
898. N. d . Grant and confirmation by Robert of Chaumpayne
kt., to Robert Balle of Wykinggeston, for his service,
of a selion of arable land lying in the fields of Wykingeston,
m Boyteresyke between the land of the said Robert Balle
and that of Robert of Foston, and extending from the king's
way to the headland of Ellen Sweting; the which selion John
le Palmere sometime held. To hold of the said Robert of
Chaumpayne and his heirs, freely, etc., in fee and heritage
for ever; rendering yearly therefor a rose at the Nativity of
bt John baptist. Warranty.
Witnesses : Simon of Wykingeston; Adam Randolf, John
Godwyn Matthew the clerk, Roger Mabylle, of Wykingeston,
William Balle; John of London, clerk.
Seal gone.
899. N. d . Indenture of grant and confirmation by John,
son of Martin of Bayl, of West'1 to Robert Balle of Wykyng*'
and Alice Danuers, his wife, of half a virgate of land in the
territory of Wyking', that, to wit, which Robert Spire sometime
held, with all its appurtenances, to wit, in meadows,
GtCJ * i ° °f Said anc* ^is lleirs to the saicl Robert
and Alice for the term of their life, in survivorship; rendering
therefor yearly 10s. silver at three terms of the year : to wit,
at the Purification of B.M., 3s. 4d., at Pentecost, 3s. 4d., and
at Michaelmas, 3s. 4d., for all services and secular demands
rower of distraint to the said John, if the said Robert and
'Whetstone.
468 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Alice make default at any term in the payment of the said
yearly farm. Warranty. Saving to the said Robert and Alice
the whole crop which is on the same land at the day of their
death until Michaelmas next after their decease.
Witnesses: Ralph Friday, of Wyking'; Adam Randulf,
Adam Teky (sic), Henry the smith, Robert Abouet', William
the cook, of the same; Richard the clerk, of Little Glen.
Two seals.
899A. Counterpart of same. Fragment of seal.
900. N.d. Grant and confirmation by John of Bayl, of
Wheston, to Robert Balle of Wykingeston and Alice his wife,
and the heirs and assigns of the same Robert, for a sum of
money which the said Robert and Alice have given in hand,
of a half virgate of arable land in the fields of Wykingeston,
which Robert Spyre sometime held, with the meadow, etc.,
to the said tenement belonging in all places within the limits
of the fields of Wykingeston. To hold of the chief lords, etc.,
to the said Robert Balle and Alice, and the heirs and assigns
of the same Robert, to whomsoever, etc., freely, etc., in fee
and heritage, doing to the said chief lords the services therefor
due and accustomed, to wit, the fourth part of a pound of
cumin, for all services, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: sir Robert of Chaumpayne, kt.; Simon of
Wykingeston; Nicholas of Harecurt; Adam Randolf, of
Wykingeston; Adam Toky; John Godwyn; Henry the smith;
William Hutte; John of London, clerk.
Seal.
Endorsed : The specyall ded of ball ys howse.
901. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Matthew of
Wykingston, clerk, to Robert Balle of Wikingston and Alice
his wife, for 26s. 8d. which the said Robert and Alice have
given in hand, of an acre of arable land in the east field of
Wikingston; whereof two selions lie upon Mokilhow, between
the land which Nicholas of Campanya sometime held, and
that of Robert Giuur; a half rood lies between the land which
the said Nicholas sometime held in Blacwelsick on either
side; two selions lie opposite Hungertonhill, between the land
which the said Nicholas sometime held, and that of Beatrice
Friday; and a selion lies opposite Hungertonhill, between the
WIGSTON 469
landI which the; said N.cho]as sometime held Qn eJther ^
To hold of William of Wyston and Rose his wife, and their
hens chief lords of the fee; rendering therefor the sixteenth
part of a penny yearly at Christmas, for all secular service and
demand. Warranty.
D TiTTf8 1 TSl?°nn ^ °f Henry of Wikingston; Adam
Randolf, Adam Toky Ralph Godewin, John Godewin, Henry
the smith, William the cook, of the same; Roger Mabille,
clerk.
Seal gone.
902. N.d Grant and quitclaim by John, son of Richard
bymunt of Wykingstona, to Robert, son of Ralph Balle of the
same, of a selion of land, lying in the territory of Wykingston
,n Folepit between the land of Richard of le Bellehus and the
land which Richard Balle held, and extending to le Brodestanibrig.
To hold to the said Robert, his heirs or assigns,
freely, etc., for ever, and to whomsoever he will give, sell,
or bequeath it, whether in sickness or in health. For which
gift, grant and quitclaim, the said Robert has given to the
said John a certain sum of money in hand.
Witnesses: Ralph Friday, Symon son of Henry, Adam
Randolf, Adam Thoki, Henry Coc, Henry the smith, of
Wykinston; Henry the clerk.
Seal gone.
903. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Amice, daughter of
Richard Symunt of Wykingstona1, to Robert, son of Ralph
Balle of the same, for 7s. silver which the said Robert has
given her fully in hand, of a selion of land lying in the territory
of Wykingstona, in Folepit, between the land of Richard of
le Bellehus and that which Richard Balle held, and extending
to Brodestanibrig. To hold of the said Amice and her heirs,
freely, etc., and to whomsoever the said Robert will give,
etc., the premises, both in sickness and in health; rendering
therefor a farthing yearly at Christmas, for all services, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Ralph Friday, Symon son of Henry, Adam
Randolf, Adam Thoki, Henry Coc, Henry the smith, of
Wykingston; Henry the clerk.
Seal gone.
»Cf. No. 891.
470 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
904 N d Grant and confirmation, with quitclaim, by
Amice, daughter of Ralph Balle of Wykingistun to Robert
Balle of Wykyng', her brother, and Alice his wife, and the
heirs of the same Robert, of two selions of land lying in the
fields of Wykyng : to wit, one selion ending upon the
headland of St Wystan, next the land of William the cook,
and one selion under Heyl, next the land of Roger Swan .
To hold, etc., freely, etc. For this gift, grant and quitclaim
the said Robert and Alice have given 20s. silver. Warranty.
Witnesses : Symon, son of Henry, of Wykyng'; Matthew
the clerk, Adam Toky, Henry the smith, William the cook,
of the same; John the clerk.
905 N d Grant and confirmation by Joan, daughter of
Ralph Balle of Wikingston, to Robert Balle her brother, for
his service, of three selions of land lying in the territory of
Wykingston; of the which one selion lies at the way of
Houcton, extending upon the headland of John Eyrek, the
second lies abutting into Hawethorn gate, next the land of
Henry the smith, and the third lies next the way of Glen
next the land of Roger Swan. To hold etc., to the said
Robert, his heirs or assigns, freely, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Ralph Fryday; Symon, son of Henry; Adam
Rand'; Adam Thoky; Henry the smith; William the cook;
Richard Polling, of Wykingiston; Matthew of the same, clerk.
No seal.
906 N d Grant and confirmation by Joan, daughter of
Ralph Balie of Wykingiston, to Robert Balle her brother and
Alice his wife, for their service, of three selions of land lying
in the territory of Wykingiston : whereof one selion lies at
Houttone gate, next the land of Roger Swan and extends
upon the headland of John Eyrek; the second lies abutting
into Hawethorn gate, next the land of Henry the smith; and
the third lies next Glen gate, next the land of Roger Swan.
To hold to the said Robert and Alice, and their heirs or
assigns freely, etc., for ever.
Witnesses: Ralph Friday, Simon son of Henry, Adam
Rand', Adam Toky, Henry the smith, William the cook,
Richard Polling, of Wykingiston; Matthew of the same, clerk.
Seal.
>See Nos. 876, 877.
WIGSTON 471
907. N.d. Grant and confirmation, and quitclaim, by
Joan, daughter of Ralph Balle of Wykinggiston, in her pure
maidenhead, to Robert Balle her brother and Alice his wife,
her chief lord, and their heirs or their assigns, of 3 selions
of arable land in the fields of Wykyngiston, which the said
Joan had of the gift of Ralph Balle her father; whereof one
selion lies at Houctongate, next the land of Roger Swan,
one at Hauthingate, next the land of Henry the smith, and
one next the way of Glen, next the land of Roger Swan :
for 40s. of silver, which the said Robert and Alice have given
to the said Joan in hand. To hold to the said Robert and
Alice, etc., freely and quietly, so that neither the said Joan
nor her heirs, nor any other in her name, shall henceforward
be able to require or claim any right in the premises.
Witnesses : Ralph Friday, Simon son of Henry, Adam
Rand', Adam Toky, Henry the smith, William the cook,
Richard Polling, of Wykingiston.
Seal.
908. N.d. Grant and confirmation by William of Wiston,
in Wikingston, with the consent and assent of Roysia his
wife and of his heirs, to Robert Balle of Wikingeston and
Alice his wife, for a sum of money which the said Robert
and Alice have given in hand, of a rood and a half of arable
land in the field of Wikingston, and two butts of arable land
in the said field : to wit, the rood and a half lying between
the land of Eustace Bercarius and that of the said Robert
and Alice, and abutting upon the headland which Henry
Serle sometime held, and as far as Stanbrig; and the said two
butts lying into Blacwelsick, next the land which Nicholas of
Campania sometime held, on one side, and that of Henry at
the well, on the other. To hold of the chief lord, etc., freely,
etc., rendering therefor to the said William and Roysia, their
heirs and assigns, a peppercorn at Christmas, for all services,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Simon, son of Henry of Wikingston; Adam
Toky, Adam Randolf, Henry the smith, Ralph Godwin, John
Godwin, John Simon, William the cook, William Hut, of the
same.
Seal.
909. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Robert, son of
Ralph Balle of Wykinston, to Alice his sister, of all his right
472 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
and claim in a toft and croft in the town of Wykinston, next
the toft which was sometime of Henry, son of Symon; and in
a selion of land in the territory of Wykinston, between the
headland which Henry Symon sometime held, and the land
of Robert Betrich; and in the whole meadow which appertains
to that half virgate of land which Alexander, son of Thomas
of Wykinston, sometime held1. To hold to the said Alice,
her heirs and assigns, freely, etc., to whomsoever and whensoever
she will give, etc., the premises in sickness and in
health; rendering therefor yearly to the said Robert and his
heirs 4s. silver at two terms of the year, to wit, at Christmas,
2s., and at the Nativity of St John Baptist, 2s., for all services
and secular demands. Warranty.
Witnesses: William the cook, Adam Randolf, Henry
Coc, Ralph Godwyne, Symon son of Henry, of Wykinston;
Henry the clerk.
Seal gone.
910. N. d . Grant and confirmation, with quitclaim, by
Joan, daughter of Ralph Balle of Wykinston, and Amice her
sister, to Alice their sister, of all their meadow in the meadows
of Wykinston, which the said Ralph their father gave them,
and which pertains to that half virgate of land which
Alexander, son of Thomas of Wykinston, sometime held. To
hold to the said Alice, her heirs and assigns, freely, etc.,
rendering therefor yearly to Robert, their brother, his heirs
or assigns, 32d. at two terms of the year, to wit, at Christmas
16d., and at the Nativity of St John Baptist I6d. for all
services, etc.
Witnesses: William the cook, Adam Randolf, Adam
Thoky, Henry the smith, Henry Coc, Ralph Godwyne, Symon
son of Henry, Henry the clerk.
Seals gone.
911. N. d . Release and quitclaim by Simon of Wykinggeston
to Robert Balle of Wykingeston, for his service, of all
his right in two selions of land in the fields of Wykingeston,
lying in Blacwellesyke between the land of sir Robert of
Chaumpayne and that of Henry at the well, next le Gore;
which sir Edmund, earl of Leycester, deraigned in the king s
court in the name of Aaron, son of Vyues, his Jew2.
iCf. No. 881. 2Cf. No. 894.
W1GSTON 473
Witnesses: Adam Randolf, Henry the smith, John
Godwyn, Matthew the clerk, William the cook, William
Hutte, of Wykingeston; John the clerk.
Seal gone.
912. N. d . Demise, delivery, and grant by Symon, son of
Henry of Wykingston, to Mildred, sometime the wife of
Reynald at the church of Wykingston, of a toft of land lying
in the town of Wykingston, next the toft of Reynald Balle;
the which toft Richard Goluere held. To hold of the said
Symon and his heirs to the said Mildred, for the term of her
life; rendering therefor yearly 6d. silver at three terms of the
year, to wit, at the Purification of B.M., 2d., at Pentecost,
2d., and at Michaelmas, 2d., for all secular service, etc.
Warranty. Reversion to the said Symon and his heirs.
Witnesses : Nicholas Harcourt; Adam Randolf, Matthew
the clerk, Henry the smith, of Wykingston; Robert Pakeman.
of Kerby1.
Seal gone.
913. N. d . Grant and confirmation by Simon, son of
Henry of Wykyngeston, to Richard, son of Adam Randulf,
of Wykyngeston, of a messuage, 6J? acres of land, and a rood
and a half of land with the meadow adjoining, with a half
virgate of pasture in Wykyngeston : that messuage, to wit,
which was of William of Whyhston, and the land whereof a
rood lies next Neutone gate, next the land of William Betrich,
2 roods at Brochulslade ouerende, next the land of Adam
Toky, one rood in Brochulslade, next the land of the bailiwick,
half a rood along Brochulslade, next the land of Ralph son of
Roger, half a rood in to Caluerelewese, a rood upon Blakemilde,
next the land of Adam Toky, a rood and a half at
Cleyelesike, next the land of Ralph son of Roger, a rood
and a half upon Houndheng, next the land of Richard Swan,
half an acre in to Folewellegate, next the land of William
Betrich, a rood and a half upon Moriwong', next the land
of the bailiwick, a rood at Goldhulfot, next the land of John
Wykyng', a rood in to Wodegate, next the land of Adam
Toky, a rood abutting upon Bulgereshauedlond, next the land
of Adam Toky, a rood upon Neprodes, abutting upon the
headland of John Balle, a rood and a half at Portgate, next
'Kirby Muxloe.
474 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
the land of William Betrich, a rood into Portgate, next the
land of William Wvch, a rood in to Northmedwe, next the
land of Ralph son of Roger, a rood under Thackerhul, next
the land of Ralph son of Roger, a rood and a half at Thackersike
ouerende, next the land of Adam Toky, a rood next
Houtonegate, next the land of Robert Balle, a rood in to
Houtonegate, next the land of Ralph son of Roger, a rood and
a half between le Styes, next the land of Adam Toky, a rood
and a half into Hungertonesike, next the land of Ralph son
of Roger. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses : Thomas Martyn, of Ernesby; William, son of
Simon of Wykyngeston; Adam Randulf; Adam, son of Simon
of Wykyngeston.
Seal.
914. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Lawrence son of
Roger son of Thomas of Wykinston, to William Vtte of
Wykinston and Amice his wife, daughter of Reynald Wynter
of the same, of six selions of land in the territory of Wykinston;
to wit, one selion stretching as far as the lower way
towards Hocton, between the land belonging to the church
of Wykinston and the land which Richard le Surteys sometime
held; one selion stretching as far as the way towards
Foston, between the land of Richard son of Mabel and the
land which Richard le Surteys sometime held; two selions
stretching as far as into Wodegate, between the land which
was of William Chamberlain (Camerarii) and the land which
Richard Balle sometime held; one selion stretching as far as
into Boytersyke by the headland which Ralph Wych sometime
held; and one selion stretching as far as Blagwellesyke,
between the land of Richard the clerk (clerici) and the land of
Robert Gamyl. To hold, etc., to William and Amice and
their heirs lawfully begotten of Amice, by a yearly rent of a
halfpenny to Lawrence and his heirs at Whitsuntide, reversion
to Lawrence and his heirs, if Amice die without an heir
begotten of her body.
Witnesses : Symon son of Henry of Wykinston; Henry
the smith; Henry Coc; Ralph Godwyne; Adam Randolf;
Henry the clerk, and others.
915. 1292, 6 April [Easter, 20 Edu). /.] Grant and quitclaim
by Amice, daughter of Richard Symund of Wykingeston,
to Robert, son of Ralph Balle of Wykingeston, of a
W1GSTON 475
farthing of yearly rent which Robert was wont to pay yearly
at Christmas for a selion of arable land in the fields of
Wykingeston in Folepyth, next the land which Richard
Polling sometime held; the which selion with the appurtenances
Amice formerly gave and confirmed to Robert by
her charter, as the said charter fully shews1. To have, etc.,
with all issues, reliefs, escheats, and all other things in whatsoever
manner forthcoming therefrom, to Robert, his heirs
and assigns.
Witnesses : Symon son of Henry of Wykingeston; Adam
Randolf; Adam 1 oky; William the cook; Henry the smith;
John Godwyne; Roger Mabile.
Seal : oval, dark green wax, a crescent below a branch
o f a t r e e L e g e n d : s ' A M I C E S I M . . . .
916. 1292, 18 Dec. [Thursday before St Thomas the
Gpostle, 21 Edu). /.] Wykingeston. Release and quitclaim by
Simon, son of Henry of Wikingeston, to John, son of Martin
du Bayl of Weston, of half a virgate of land with the appurtenances
in Wikingeston which Simon held of John for term
of life.
Witnesses : Nicholas of Harecort of Wykingeston; Adam
Randolf; Adam Toky; Simon son of Peter of Little Glen;
Henry the smith of Wykingeston; Roger Mabile.
Seal gone.
917. Same date. Wikingeston. Quitclaim by Reynald
Pikeman of Wykingeston to John, son of Martin du Bayle of
Weston, of a messuage in Wykingeston which the said
Reginald held for the term of his life of the said John.
Witnesses : Nicholas of Harecort, Adam Randolf, Adam
Toky, of Wikingeston; Simon son of Peter of Little Glen;
Henry the smith, Roger Mabile, of Wikingeston.
Seal gone.
918. Same date. Wikingeston. Release and quitclaim by
William Hutte of Wykingeston to John son of Martin de
Bayl of Weston, of a messuage with a croft and of half a
virgate of land in Wikingeston, which the said William held
for the term of his life of the said John.
'See No. 903.
476 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses as in the preceding.
Seal.
919. 1295, 25 July [St James the apostle, 23 Echo. /.]
Release and quitclaim by John of Bayl of Wheston to Robert
Balle of Wykingeston and Alice his wife, of all his right in
half a virgate of land in the fields of Wykingeston which
Robert Spyre sometime held1.
Witnesses: sir Robert de Chaumpayne, kt.; Simon of
Wykingeston; Nicholas of Harecurt; Adam Randolf, Adam
Toky, John Godwyn, William Hutte, of Wykingeston, John
the clerk.
Seal gone.
920. 1295, 15 Nov. [Tuesday after St Martin in the winter,
23 Edw. I]. Grant by Hugh de Vienna, clerk and attorney of
sir Edmund, son of the king of England, for the recovery of
the debts of Aaron his Jew2, to Symon of Wykingeston, of
all that debt in which William of Wiston was bound to the
said Jew, for the which debt the moiety of the lands and
tenements of the said William was delivered to the said
Edmund, the said Hugh's lord; so that the said Symon and his
assigns may have and hold the said lands and tenements until
they have fully levied the said debt therefrom. For this grant
Symon has paid ten marks in hand, and has made recognisance
of five marks to the said lord in the exchequer.
Seal gone : simple queue.
921. 1297-8, 16 Feb. [Sunday after St Valentine the martyr,
26 Edw. I]. Grant by William le Keu of Wykinggeston to
Robert Balle of Wykinggeston, and Alice his wife, for a sum
of money paid in hand, of a rood of arable land in the fields
of Wykinggeston, which lies next the Gore on the one side,
and next the land of the said Robert on the other. To have
and hold of the chief lords of that fee to the said Robert and
Alice, and their heirs and assigns, to whomsoever they will
give or sell, freely, quit, fully, in fee and hereditary right for
ever, doing to the chief lords the services due and accustomed
from so much land of the same fee, for all services, worldly
exactions and demands. Warranty.
'See Nos. 899, 900. 2Cf. Nos. 894, 911.
WIGSTON 477
Witnesses : Symon son of Henry, Adam Randolf, Henry
le Feuere, Matthew the clerk, John Godwyn, Richard Balle,
William Hutte, Roger Mabylle, of Wykinggeston; John of
London, clerk.
Seal.
922. 1298, 4 May [Sunday after the Invention of the Cross,
26 Edw. /.] London. Grant and confirmation by William of
Wyston to Simon, son of Henry of Wykingston, and Henry
his son, of a virgate and a quarter of land, as in meadows,
grazings and pastures, with all other appurtenances and easements
in Wikingston, to wit, that virgate and a quarter which
Robert of Outheby held for a term. To hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Richard of Esseby, Roger of Glen in Outheby,
William Derling of the same, Robert of Brantyngsthorp,
Thomas Wisci, William of Barnesby, Simon of Stocton,
Richard the clerk.
Seal.
923. 1304, 18 Oct. [Sunday, St Lul^e the evangelist, 32
Edw. /.] Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by Richard,
son of Ralph Swan of Wykyngeston, to Adam son of Symon
of Wykyngeston, of a rood of land in the fields of Wykyngeston,
lying upon Wellespringhul next the land of John
Godwene. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Symon of Wykyngeston; John Godwene of
the same; Richard Polling, Robert Balle, Richard Balle, Adam
Randolf.
Seal.
924. 1305 [33 Edw. I], 27 April. Wykinggeston. Grant
and confirmation by Henry Polling, son of Richard Polling of
Wykenggeston, to Adam son of Symon of Wykinggeston, for
a sum of money in hand, of 5 roods of arable land in the
fields of Wykinggeston, to wit, 1^ roods lying upon Hunger -
tonhull, next the land of Ralph the son of Roger Swan, and
abutting upon the parson's headland; and a rood upon
Thythornhull, next the land of William Polling, extending in
Longemedowe; and a selion upon Blakemylde, next the land
which was of Adam Toky, and abutting upon the headland of
478 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Ralph son of Roger; and a selion extending in Carnlese, next
the land of Richard Polling; and a rood extending in
Brademedweharde, next the land of Richard Polling. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Symon of Wykinggeston, Roger Mabylle,
Simon of Glen, John son of Peter the chaplain, Matthew the
clerk, Richard Cock, John Godwyn, John of London, clerk.
Seal.
925. 1306, 26 Sept. [Monday after S t Matthew, apostle and
evangelist, 34 Edw. I]. Wykyngeston. Grant by Simon son
of Henry of Wykyngeston to William his son and his wife
Cecily, of a virgate of land in Wykyngeston, which Simon,
son of John Simond, and Beatrice his wife hold of the grantor
for the life of the same Beatrice, of his demise, and which
should revert after her death to the grantor and his heirs,
with grant of the remainder to the said William and Cecily.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Reversion, if the
said William and Cecily die without heirs of the said William's
body, to the grantor and his heirs.
Witnesses : Richard of Arnesby, Thomas Martyn of the
same, Henry of Hockele, Adam son of Simon of Wykyngeston,
John Godwyne of the same, Henry the smith of the same.
Seal.
926. N.d. Grant (indented) by Simon son of Henry of
Wykyngestone to William of Wykyngestone his son and his
wife Cecily, of a virgate of land and certain parcels of
meadow, to wit, a parcel in Northmedwe, next the meadow of
Robert de Campania; a parcel in the same meadow, next the
meadow of Richard Bacoun; and two parcels in Brademedwe,
abutting upon Goseholm; and of a virgate and the fourth part
of a virgate of pasture in Wykyngestone. Of the which
virgate of land three selions lie in Kylebygate, next the land
of Robert de Campania, and abut upon the grantor's court;
three selions in Brokhulslade, next the land of Robert de
Campania; one selion into (inte) Cleylesike, next the gore of
Henry the smith; one selion in Brokhulslade, next the land
of Stephen Polling; one selion towards Eyel, next the land of
Eustace of Rademylde; one selion under Eyel, next the land
of Ralph Sweting; one selion under Eyel, next the land of
the same Robert; one selion upon Eyel, next the land of the
W1GSTON 479
same Robert; two selions at Caldewelle, next the land of
William Spire; one selion upon Eyel, next the land of Richard
of Hamptone; one selion upon Cobaldeswong, next the land
of the said Robert; one selion at 7 asihulsty, next the land of
Richard of Hamptone; one selion without Blacwellesike, next
the boundary of Outheby; one selion at Hongertonhill, next
the gore; two selions at Hungertonesikeouerende, next the
land of the grantor; one selion upon Cakeforlong, next the
land of the said Robert; one selion at Wolfil, next the land
of the said Eustace; one selion in Houtonegate, next the
land of Ralph Swetyng; one selion at Boytersikeouerende,
next the land of the said Robert; one selion beyond Outhebygate,
next the land of the said Robert; one selion into
Outonegate, next the grantor s land; one selion under
Houtonegate, next the land of Henry of Waltone; two selions
into Thackeresike, next the land of the said Robert; seven
selions with the headland upon Gesseliniswong; two selions
at le Kerresheued; one headland upon Radegres; one selion
in Radegres, next the grantor's land; one selion in Wodegate,
next the land of Richard Thorkyl; one selion at le Grenegate,
next the land of the said Eustace; two selions towards
Wrthegraue, next the land of the said Robert; one selion upon
le Haukende, next the land of Richard Bacoun; two selions
upon Lambecotes, next the land of Beatrice Fryday; two
selions into Hullimedwe, next the land of Richard Bacoun;
a headland with a selion next it in Luttledale; two selions
towards Orebornhul, next the land of Richard of Hamptone;
two selions at the headland of St Wystan, next the land of
the said Robert; two selions upon Lambecotes, next the land
of Ralph Swetyng; two selions upon Hawethornhul, next the
land of the said Robert; two selions in Stanebrygg towards
le Grescroft, next the land of the said Robert. To hold, etc.,
of the grantor and his heirs, rendering yearly to the grantor,
for his whole life, 40s. at two terms of the year, to wit, at
Michaelmas 20s., and at Easter 20s., for all service. And,
after the death of the grantor, they shall maintain the chapel
of St Mary, which the said grantor has constructed next the
church of All Saints of Wykyngestone, in roofing and
windows, and they shall cause the day of the grantor's anniversary
to be solemnly celebrated, and the same day they
shall distribute to ten poor meat and drink sufficient for one
breakfast, for ever, doing to the chief lords etc., so that after
the decease of the grantor, the said payment of 40s. shall
480 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
cease for ever. If William and Cecily die without an heir
of the body of William, the premises shall revert to Richard
son of Adam Randolf and the heirs of him issuing, with
successive reversions in like case, first, to Adam, brother of
the said Richard, then to Joan their sister, and then to Simon,
brother of the same Joan, and with final reversion to the
grantor and his heirs. Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas Martyn of Ernysby, Thomas Boydyn
of Strettone, Adam son of the grantor, master Henry of
Kyrkeby, sir Simon the chaplain, Walter of Skeftyntone,
Robert of Lalleford.
Broken seal in bag.
927 1308, 7 May [Tuesday after the invention of the Holy
Cross, 1 Edw. II]. Wykingeston. Letters of Eleanor Walle
undertaking that she will not marry her daughter Amice to
anyone without the will and consent of Richard . . . .
Thomas of Walton, or (to) John his father; and, if she does
it, she binds herself to the same Richard in 10 marks.
Witnesses : Adam Randulf, Richard son of John Balle,
Richard Polling, Henry the clerk.
Seal.
928. 1308, 22 Sept. [Sunday before Michaelmas, 2 Edw.U 1
Covenant (indented) between Stephen of . . . • by,
Adam son of Adam Randolf, John Godwine
Richard Polling, and Richard Balle, of the one party, and
John, son of Henry the smith, of Wikingeston of the other,
whereby the said Stephen and the others, with the common
consent of all the men of Wikingeston, demise and deliver
to the said John, son of Henry, a headland lying in Litteldale,
called Seintewistoneshauedlond, with a butt abutting upon the
same headland, in the fields of Wikingeston. To hold to the
said John, his heirs and assigns, for the term of 42 years fully
complete from Michaelmas, 2 Edward II., until he have had
ten crops of the said selions. Reversion of the said two
selions, after the said term, to the said men [of Wikingeston].
Warranty.
Witnesses : Simon of Wikingeston, John Friday, John son
of Peter; H. . . Howene, William Hulf, of Outheby.
Seal gone.
WIGSTON 481
929. 1308-9, 3 Jan. [Friday after the Circumcision, 2 Edw.
II]. Wikingeston. Grant and confirmation by Adam Randolf
of Wikingeston to Adam his son, of a messuage in Wikingeston
between the messuage of Ranulf Abbot on the one side
and the messuages of Simon Lauerance and William Sweting
on the other. To have, etc., to Adam the son and heirs of
his body lawfully begotten, by the yearly rent of a penny
at Whitsuntide. With reversion, if Adam the son die without
such heirs, to Adam the father, his heirs or assigns.
Witnesses: Simon of Wikingeston; John Godwine;
William Coc; Richard Polling; Henry the smith (fabr');
Richard Balle; Simon Laueraunce.
Seal, pointed oval, black wax.
930. Same date. Wikingeston. Grant and confirmation
by Adam Randolf of Wikingeston to Joan his daughter, of a
messuage in Wikingeston, lying between the messuage of
William Coc and that of Alice who was the wife of Robert
Balle; and of two selions abutting on the same messuage, and
[extending] as far as Faucons Sty. To hold to the said Joan
and the heirs of her body lawfully begotten, of the said
Adam, his heirs and assigns, rendering yearly 3s. to wit, 12d.
at Michaelmas, 12d. at the Purification, and 12d. at Pentecost,
for all suit of court and for all services and secular demands.'
Warranty. Reversion to the grantor, his heirs and assigns.
Witnesses : Simon of Wikingeston, John Godwine,
William Coc, Richard Polling, Henry the smith, Richard
Balle, Simon Laueraunce.
Fragment of pointed oval seal.
931. 1309, 28 March [Friday next bef ore Easter, 2 Edw.
II]. Wykyngeston. Letters of Simon son of Henry of
Wykyngeston, appointing Simon of Brokesby, his chaplain,
and Walter of Skeftinton, his serjeant, his attorneys to put
Richard son of Adam Randulf of Wykyngeston in seisin of
a messuage, six and a half acres of land, and a rood and a
half of land, with the meadow adjacent, with half a virgate
of pasture in Wykyngeston, to hold, etc., according to the
form of the charter which the said Richard holds of the said
Simon.
Seal: simple queue.
482 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
932 1317-8 16 Jan. [Monday after S t Hilary, II Edw. I I ] .
Wishton. Grant by Rose (Roys') who was the wife of William
of Wishton to Richard son of Robert Balle of Wikingeston
of 3 roods of arable land in Wikingeston, to wit l2 rood
abutting into Stanebrigge, and 1 rood abutting into Blacwellesike
To have, etc., to Richard and his heirs or assigns of
the chief lords, etc., as much as appertains to such a holding.
Warranty.
Witnesses : John of Wotton; Thomas de Lysours; Peter
brother of the said Rose; Stephen Hamound of Asshele;
Richard Toky of Wikingeston and others.
Pointed oval seal, black wax : a fleur-de-lys. Legend : s
ANG' VX* HVGON' . . .
933. Same date. Wishton. Writing of Rose who was
the wife of William of Wishton, granting warranty to Robert
of Walton, of Wikingeston, and Eleanor his wife of an acre
of arable land lying in Wikingeston, which Rose has granted
to them for the life of Eleanor, with successive remainders to
Amice, daughter of William Joki, and the herrs'begotten of
her body, and to Richard, son of Robert Balle of Wrkingiston,
and his heirs and assigns.
Dark green seal, largely gone.
934 1318, II May [Thursday after the feast of S t John
before the Latin gate, II Edw. II.] Releaseand quitclaim
by Rose who was the wife of William of Whisston to
Adam son of Adam Randolf of Wikingeston, and Joan his
sister, of her right and claim in the fourth part of a virgate of
land in Wikingeston, which Adam and Joan hold of the gift
of their father. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses: Roger of Glen, William Vlf of Outheby;
Richard Balle, Roger Huth, Richard Polling, John Ne . . an,
of Wikingeston.
Seal gone.
933. Same date. Wikingeston. Remission and quitclaim
by Rose who was the wife of William of Whisston, to Richard
Randolph of Wikingeston, of all her right in four acres ot
a. able land and the fourth part of a virgate of land in
Wikingeston, and 40d. yearly rent issuing out of a messuage
WIGSTON 483
and two virgates of land in Wikingeston, which Adam Randolf
holds, with the whole lordship and service of the same Adam
and his heirs. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses : Roger of Glen, of Outheby; William Ulf, of
the same; Richard Balle, Richard Polling, Roger Huth, John
Freman, Adam Simond, of Wikingeston.
Seal.
?3 6 ; y ' 3 I 8 , 2 4 S e p t [S™day before Michaelmas, 12 Edw.
II.] Wykingeston. Grant and confirmation by Richard
Randulf, son and heir of Adam Randulf of Wykingeston, to
Richard Haudekyn of the same, chaplain, of a toft called
Tenement, the fourth part of a virgate, and Mi acres of land,
and a pennyworth of rent issuing from a virgate of land which
Richard I aimer holds, and three-halfpenceworth of rent
issuing from three-quarters of a virgate of land in the same
town which Simon Balle holds. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William son of Simon, Robert the smith, John
Gudwyne John Friday, Richard Polling, of Wykingeston;
William Vlf, Adam Blacwyne, of Outheby.
Green seal.
937. 1318, 9 Nov. [Thurs. after S t Leonard, 12 Edw. II.]
Wikingiston. Grant and confirmation by Richard Haudekyn
of Wikingiston, chaplain, to Richard, son of Adam Randolf
of the same, of divers tenements in Wikingiston; to wit, a
toft which is called Tenement, the fourth part of a virgate of
land with the meadow adjoining, and I |£ acres of land, and
thiee parts of a virgate of pasture, and a pennyworth of rent
issuing from a messuage, and a virgate of land with the
appurtenances in the same which Richard Polling holds, and
three halfpence worth of rent issuing from three parts of a
virgate of land with the appurtenances in the same which
Simon Balle and Joan his wife hold. To hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Vlf, Adam Blacwyne, of Outheby;
William son of Simon of Wikingiston; Robert the smith, John
Godwyne, Roger Huth, of Wikingiston; Richard son of
Robert Balle.
Seal.
484 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
938 1318-9, 27 Jan. [ S a t . a f t e r Conversion o f S t Paul, 12
Edw II.] Wik'ingeston. Grant (indentured) by Richard, son
of Adam Randolf of Wikingiston, to Simon and William his
brothers, of a quarter of a virgate of land with the pasture
appertaining to so much land and two pieces of meadow with
the appurtenances in Wikingiston, to wit, at Taylliholm and
in Haltereslade, which Geoffrey Gower sometime held I o
have etc., of Richard and his heirs to Simon and William
for their life in survivorship, by a yearly rent of a silver halfpenny
at Easter for all service, save foreign service of the
lord king. Richard grants that the survivor shall hold the
whole tenement entire, although separation thereof be made
while both are alive; with reversion to himself and his heirs
after the death of the survivor.
Witnesses: William de Harecourt; Richard Polling;
Simon Balle; Roger Huth; Robert the smith; Simon Lauwe;
William Cage.
Seal, green wax.
939 1319-20, 6 January [Sunday, Epiphany o f our Lord,
13 Edw II 1 Wykingestone. Release and quitclaim by Hose
who was the wife of William of Whystone in her pure
widowhood, for herself and her heirs, to William son of
Simon of Wykingestone and Cecily his wife, of all her right
and claim in 2J> virgates and 4 acres of land with their appurtenances,
and in the whole meadow with its appurtenances
which the said William and Cecily hold in Wykingeston, and
in a toft in Wykingestone between the messuage of the said
William son of Simon on one side and the toft called Stokwelleholm
on the other, and in three shillings of rent with the
appurtenances forthcoming from a messuage which Ralph
atte Gras held in the same town. Of the which two ™gates
Simon le Baylif of Wykingeston, father of the sard William,
had one of the gift and grant of William of Whystone sometime
the husband of Rose and of Rose herself by fine levied
thereof in the king's court; and all the other tenements the
said Simon had of the gift and enfeoffment of the sai
William sometime the husband of Rose in the said town o
Wykingestone.
Witnesses: Walter de Burgh of Norhamptone; William
de Burgh of Norhamptone; Robert son of Adam of Oudeby;
WIGSTON 483
William Ulf of Oudeby; Thomas of Walton of Wykingestone;
Richard Randulf; Robert of Lalleforde.
Round seal, yellow wax, a rose : legend, ROSE . . .
940. 1319-20, 6 March [Thurs. before S t Gregory t h e pope,
13 Edw. I I . ] Wikingiston. Grant (indentured) by Ralph of
Sauthorp, chaplain, to Roger Huth of Wikingiston, of a
messuage and a virgate of land in Wikingiston which William
Huth sometime held. To have, etc., to Roger for the lifetime
of Ralph, by a yearly rent of two marks of silver, payable at
three terms, to wit, 8s. 8d. at Whitsuntide, 9s. at Michaelmas
and 9s. at the Purification, with remainder to John brother of
Roger, if Roger die in Ralph's lifetime. If Ralph resigns his
chantry in Wikingiston within ten years after the making of
this writing, he grants that he will pay 33s. 4d. in silver to
Roger, his heirs or executors, without delay.
Witnesses: William son of Simon of Wikingiston;
Thomas of Walton; Richard Randolf; John Godwyne;'
Richard Polling.
941. 1320-1, 1 I March [Wed. before S t Gregory t h e pope,
14 Edw. I I . ] Wikyngiston. Grant by Richard Randolf of
Wikyngiston to Richard son of Robert Balle of the same, of
a rood of arable land with the appurtenances in Wikyngiston,
lying upon Smalehulles by the land of John Godwyne. To
have, etc., of Richard Randolf, his heirs or assigns, to Richard
son of Robert and his heirs of his body lawfully begotten, for
the yearly rent of a silver halfpenny at Christmas, with
reversion, after the death of Richard son of Robert without
such heirs, to Richard Randolf, his heirs or assigns.
Witnesses : Thomas of Walton; Richard son of John
Balle; Roger Huth; Robert le Feuere; John Freman
r^iw'i ^ame ^ate- Wikyngiston. Grant by Richard Randolf
of Wikyngiston to Richard son of Robert Balle of the same,
of a selion of arable land with the appurtenances in Wikyngiston,
lying in Fulpitt and abutting in to Stanebrigge, by the
land of John Godwyne1. To have, etc., to Richard, his heirs
or assigns, of the chief lords, etc., so far as appertains to
such a holding.
'See J4o. 903.
486 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses : Thomas of Walton of Wikyngiston; Roger
Huth; Robert le Feuure; John Freman, John Godwyne.
Square lozenge-shaped seal, red wax : no legend.
943. 1322, 27 March [Sat. after Annunciation of B.V.M.,
15 Edw. II.] Wikingiston. Grant by Rose, who was the wife
of William de Whisshton, to Richard Randolf of Wikingiston,
of three selions of land with the appurtenances in Wikingiston,
which she recovered in the king's court against Henry Balle
and Emma his wife. To hold, etc., of Rose and her heirs to
Richard and his heirs from Michaelmas last for six years next
following, by the yearly rent of eighteen silver pennies,
payable at Michaelmas, the Purification of St Mary the Virgin
and Whitsuntide in equal portions, whereof Richard has paid
to Rose three shillings at the beginning of the said term.
No witnesses.
Round seal, dark yellow wax, a rose. Legend : s' ROSE
DE WHISTON.
944. 1324, 27 July [Friday after St James, 18 Edu). II ]
Wikingeston. Grant (indented) by Richard, son of Adam
Randolf of Wikingeston, to Simon his brother, of a messuage,
four selions of land, and two plots of meadow in Wikingeston.
whereof the said messuage with a selion lie next the messuage
of Richard son of John Balle, a selion in le Wattrie next the
land of Adam Gamel, a selion upon Eyel next the land of
the said Simon, and a selion in to Foureslade next the land of
John Gilbert, and a plot of the said meadow lies in Halterslade,
several with Richard fCoc and Richard, son of Robert
Balle, and a plot of meadow in Goldene medwe, several with
Richard Koc, between the meadow of Ralph Swan and John
Wiking and that of Roger Aniot and Agnes Swan. To hold
to the said Simon for his whole life, rendering therefor to the
said Richard and his heirs a silver penny at Christmas.
Warranty. Remainder to John and Alice, children of the
said Richard, for their whole lives in survivorship, with
reversion to the said Richard and his heirs.
Witnesses : Thomas of Walton, Richard Balle, Simon
Balle, Roger Hut, Richard Polling, of Wikingeston.
Seal.
WIGSTON 487
C t4 Fd III 1 w lSanday a"er S< J°h" before the Latin
Gate, 4 Edw ///.] Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by
John son of John Godwyne of Wykyngeston. to Adam his
brother, of a messuage and a virgate of land with meadow and
Ph hei i other their appurtenances in Wykyngeston
which John s father held; with grant to Adam of 7 selions of
iafnlaremngdP°n(te J ""tT'Furthet S™1' to Adi™
of the remainder of 5J roods of land which Richard Godwyne
holds of John for term of life, and which should revert toSn
after the death of Richard. To have, etc., to Adam his
t o ^ h a T o T d i n g ' t h e C h i e f I O t d S ' e t C • - ^ r i a i n s 8
LIST? 1 J^>° nHS °f ,Wralt°n °f Wykyngeston; Richard
Randolf, Richard Pollyng; John Freman: Simon Lauwe.
Seal, round, black wax, a beast's head horned.
Endorsed : Carta Johannis Godwyne facta Ade fratri suo.
946. 1331, 24 May [Friday in Whitsun week, 5 Edw. Ill 1
Wykyngeston. Grant by Adam Godwyne of Wykyngeston
to sir Walter, rector of the church of Dersforde1, of a messuage
and a virgate of land with meadow and pasture and all other
its appurtenances ,n Wykyngeston, which Adam had of the
feoffment of John h.s brother. To hold of the chief lords
etc., as much as appertains to such a holding.
RandTlhRich : TpT °f ^a't0n, °f Kandolf, Richard Pollyng; Roger Hut; JoWhn sFrteomna;n .R ichard
Round seal, black wax : a beast's head with horns.
Raol t 25;//Vnw/ [Wed. before Nativity of St John
aptist, 5 Edw. III.] Wykyngeston. Grant by Walter Loue
parson of the church of Dersford. to Adam Godewyne of
ykyngeston and Alice h.s wife and the heirs of Adam of
a messuage and a virgate and seven selions of land with their
e^tc". 0to AAddaamm , AAlicle ^anTd tfheT he i• rTs °of, UAdda °m' . thFe ucrhthieefr lgor'adnst'
RicWd'etd f remainder of 5* roods of land which
of lift S°dwyne.of Wykyngeston holds of Walter for term
To h 1,7 f* reversion after the death of Richard to Walter
lo hold of the chief lords, etc. waiter.
'Desford.
488 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses • Thomas of Walton of Wykyngeston; Richard
Randolf; Richard Pollyng; John Freman; S.mon Lawe.
Oval seal, black wax.
948. 1332-3 . 5; Feb.
B.VM 7 Ed-,. WyXon, for himself
by Walter son of Rose of WyUyngeston. his
and his heirs. q{ jand> 6 es
°t assigns, of aU h.s nght lure wilh their
*-> h*d of hereditary
right after the death of his father.
Witnesses: Richard Randolf of Wykyngeston; R.chard
Pollyng; Richard Balle; Roger Hut; Adam Godwyne.
Seal gone.
949 1334 21 Nov. [Monday after St Edmund, K.M 8
Edw. HI ] Wykyngiston. Release -d umtc mm by .John
^W t of :ii dghUn Tme°ssu^e, 8i%irgates and 3
ods of^"and and a windmill, with meadows, grazing*. isssSSSSI
Witnessses f• Riichxard Rsandaolf o f fWtik*yn gwiston;w Richaurd sson son of Robert of Outheby.
Seal gone.
930 1336-7 19 Jan. [Sunday, the morrow of the octane
/ S H i l a r y t h e bishop, 9 Edw. III.] Wykyngeston. Rece.pt
of M Hilary the o f wykyngeston, to Emma
Purification next thereafter.
Round seal, black wax. A four-leaved flower.
WIGSTON 489
9 5 1 . 1 3 3 8 . 1 7 A p r i l [ F r i d a y in Easter Week, 12 Edw. III.]
Wikingiston. Grant and confirmation by Simon Randolf of
Wikingiston to Richard his brother, of 40s. yearly rent from
a plot of land called Becke tenement, 11 acres of land, a plot
of meadow and half a virgate of pasture in Wikingiston,
whereof William of Wisshton sometime held 4 acres and
Richard Simon sometime held 7 acres and the meadow and
pasture; the which Simon had of the gift of the said Richard
his brother1. To have, etc., to Richard, his heirs or assigns,
to be paid yearly at Easter, of Simon, his heirs and any tenants
of the said holding. With leave of distraint for arrears to
Richard, his heirs or assigns.
Witnesses : Richard Polling; Simone Balle; Roger Huth;
Adam Simond; Richard son of Robert Balle.
Seal, red wax : on a shield a head in profile looking left.
952. 1342, 20 Nov. [IVed. St Edmund the k'hg, 16 Edw.
III.] Wykyngeston. Grant by Richard Randolf of Wykyngeston
to John, William, Henry, Richard and Simon his sons
and Amice, his daughter, of a messuage with the appurtenances
in Wykyngeston, lying between the tenement of Ranulf
Abbot and the tenement of Simon Lawe and John Swetyng,
extending to the lane called Algerystoft; and three acres of
land with the appurtenances in the same town with three
headrigs (cheuett') and a dole of meadow, to wit, half an acre
by the land of John de le Clay extending into Neutongate; a
rood at Goldenmedow with the headrig (cheuicio), next the
land of William son of Simon; a butt of land at Neutongate,
next the land of Richard F oky; half an acre at Bradmedou,
next the land of Thomas of Walton; two roods at Gonwarhull,
next the land of Joan Randolf; I £ rood at Shakresdale, next
the land of John dele Clay; 1 i rood on Thakkerhull, next the
land of Ranulf Abbot, extending to the boundary of Outheby;
a rood on Hungirtonhull, next the land of Richard 1 oky; a
headrig of meadow at Hillymedou, next the meadow of John
dele Clay; a headrig of meadow at Sherpol, next the meadow
of Richard Toky; a dole of meadow at Goldenmedou, next
the meadow of John Sweyn. To have, etc., for life in
survivorship of Richard and his heirs, by the yearly rent of
a pair of white gloves, price a penny, or of a penny at the
Nativity of St John Baptist. Also the remainder of a messuage
'See No. 944.
490 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
with the croft adjoining, which Joan Randolf holds of Richard
for term of life with reversion to Richard and his heirs, for
their life [on the terms already stated].
Witnesses: William son of Simon; John Friday; John
Pieres; Henry Kok; William Coke; Simon Balle; William le
Smyth.
Round seal, yellow wax.
953. 1342-3, 13 Jan. [Monday i n octave o f Epiphany]
Grant and confirmation by Emma, daughter of Richard Balle
of Wykyngeston, to Richard her father, of a messuage in
Wykyngeston next the messuage of Joan Randolf; and all
the lands and tenements with their appurtenances in the said
town which she had of the gift of the said Richard To have,
etc., to Richard, his heirs or assigns, of the chief lords, etc.,
as much as appertains to such a holding. [No warranty.]
Witnesses: William son of Simon of Wykyngeston;
Thomas of Walton; Richard Randolf; Richard Polling;
William Cok.
Round seal, black wax. Two full length figures in profile
towards middle with hands clasped, apparently holding a
rod with a serpent (?) turned round it.
954. 1346-7, 6 Feb. [Tuesday after Purification of
21 Edw. III.] Wykyngeston. Grant (indented) by William
Betrich of Wykyngeston to Adam his son and Joan and Felice
his daughters, of a part of his messuage with the buildings
built thereupon and the appurtenances in Wykyngeston,
extending in length from the king's highway to William s
garden towards the north 100 feet measured by the little
hundred, and in breadth between the tenement of William
and the tenement of William Smyth 34 feet by the king s
highway: in the middle part by the stair 24 feet in breadth; on
the north part by William's garden 18 feet in breadth, and by
certain metes and boundaries. Also 7\ (sic) roods of land with
the appurtenances in Wykyngeston, whereof one rood lies
upon Tofftis, next the land of William Smyth; one rood lies at
Blacwellsikenezirend, next the land of the rector, extending
into Neutongate; one rood lies at Neugate, next the headland
of Roger Hutte; one rood lies at Glengat, next the land o
Richard Polling; U rood lies on Bretthull, next the land ot
John Taylowr; one rood lies at Wortegrauehouerend, next
WIGSTON 491
the land of Richard son of Roger Swan. To hold, etc., with
free entry and exit through William's gates for their wheat
and other their necessaries to be carried there by the king's
highway to Adam, Joan and Felice for their lives in survivorship,
of William and his heirs, by the yearly rent of a roseflower
at the feast of the Nativity of St John the Baptist. If
Adam, Joan and Felice or any of them be married, they shall
a together withdraw thereafter from the said tenements and
claim nothing therein by reason of any right; but the said
tenements shall remain entirely to those only who are not
married, with reversion, in case of the marriage of all three,
to William, his heirs and assigns.
Witnesses: Richard Randolf: Richard Polling: William
Look; John breman; Henry Cok.
No seal.
kT5'1llV7 \ v ' I 2 4 F e b ' ^Sunday after S t Peter's Chair, 22
Edw. III. I Wykinstone. Grant and confirmation by Cecily
Harcourt of Wykyngstone to John Haudekyn of the same, of
4i acres of land in the fields of Wykyngstone; to wit, one
rood upon Smalhull, next the land of John of Stokwelle; l|
rood upon Shoueldale, next the land of Robert of Waltone;
one rood upon Kobaldeswong, next the land of Reynold
Kmth; one rood under Thizernehul, next the land of Henry
Balle; one rood upon Eyel, next the land of John Swetyn^-
one b u t t a t Horswelle; H rood a t t h e water m i l l (molendinum
ewreticumh half a rood before Fowrsladegate, next the land
or R°Ser Kmth; half a rood before Fowrsladegate, next the
land of Roger Swan; H rood upon Goldewhel, next the land
\Y/ii° Pierls: 5 rood in Ailistonmere, next the land of
William Jones; rood in Wodgate, next the land of Richard
Balle; one selion m Worchegate, next the land of Henry
Noreys; one butt at Sotdolis, next the land of Robert of
Waltone; one rood in ze Potregate, next Henry Kirkedoweone
rood in Pottergate, next Henry Kirkedowe; and one selion
m Howtengate, next Simon Pouey. To have, etc., of Cecily
and her heirs to John or his assigns for the said term (sic), by
a yearly rent of 5s 4d._ of silver, payable at Easter and
ivlichaelmas m equal portions. Warranty.
Witnesses: Richard Randolf of Wekyngstone; William
c oger Hut: Richard Polling; John Freman; John Clay.
Seal gone.
M CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
and a virgate of ]an<* ^ ^ of jand in tlie fields
appurtenances. Furth g - abutting upon the said
Johanne Codwyne facta RO.CTO
Bridde.
957. B52, 25
///.] Wykyngeston. Grant an of the same, Df a
of Wykyngeston to Wi meadows, pastures and
messuage and 11 acres of landwUh ^ Wykyngfis.
rr T^^Trrf Ws etc.. as fat as appertains to
in profile towards middle.
„!4. 5 Oct.
28 Edw. 111.) Wykingston. Dem • Pp . of Wykingston,
thTo,aw°e! t.:t
j°0hn pS'teSTtw^ life. [No statenrent of terms of
"Leases: Richard Ballet John Freman; John Friday
runLal.darkhro.nwa, Bird onatree between two
heads in profile facing towards m.ddle.
959. 1357. 12 Dec. Tuesday MoreJt
ISee No. 945.
WIGSTON 493
of Wykyngeston, Isabel his wife and John their son, of a
messuage in the said town, and half a virgate of land with
half a virgate of pasture and a virgate of meadow with all
other the appurtenances. Also of two selions in the fields of
Wykyngeston, which Richard Balle had of the gift of Richard
Randolf1. The which premises William had of the gift and
feoffment of Richard Balle. [To have, etc., to Richard, Isabel
and John and the heirs of John's body lawfully begotten of
the chief lords of the fee. With remainder (I) in default of
heirs to John, to Richard son of the said Richard Balle and
the heirs, etc.; (2) in default of heirs to Richard, to Alice and
Amice, daughters of the said Richard Balle, and the heirs
of their bodies, etc.; (3) in default of heirs to Alice and Amice,
to William of Penne, son of the said Richard Balle, for
term of life, with reversion after his death to the said Richard
Balle, his heirs and assigns. Warranty.
Witnesses : Richard Hug of Wykyngeston; Simon of
Stoughton; John Randolf; Robert Faucous; Thomas Hug;
William Smyth; William Cok.
Seal gone.
960. 1363, 1 May [ S t Philip and S t James, 37 Edu). I I I ] .
Wikyngeston. Grant (indented) by Henry Harcourt of
Wykyngeston to Henry, son of Simon Randulf of the same
and Amice his wife, of half a virgate of land and the half
part of a quarter of land, with meadows, etc. To hold of
the chief lords, etc., rendering therefor yearly to the said
Henry, his heirs and assigns for the first sixty years 10s. 6d.
silver at Michaelmas, the Purification and Pentecost by equal
portions, and after that time £10 silver. Right of re-entry
granted in case of default of rent during the first sixty years.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Richard Polling, John Randulf, of Wykyngeston;
William Coc, William Mazew, John Lawe.
Also the same Henry granted to the said Simon and
Amice half an acre of meadow with a quarter of pasture, in
form aforesaid, for a rent of fourpence at Michaelmas.
961. 1363, I May [ S t Philip and S t James, 37 Edw. I I I . ]
Wykyngeston. Indenture of grant and confirmation by Henry
'See Nos. 941, 942.
494 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Harcourt of Wykyngeston to William Coc and Emma his wife,
of half a virgate and half a quarter of land, with the meadows,
etc., belonging. To hold of the chief lords, etc., rendering
therefor yearly to the said Henry, his heirs and assigns, for
the first sixty years 10s. 6d. silver at three terms, viz. at
Michaelmas, the Purification and Pentecost by equal portions.
Right of entry and distraint for a month's arrears of the said
£10 rent. Warranty.
Witnesses : Richard Pollyng, John Randulf, Henry son
of Simon Randulf of Wykyngeston; William Mazew, John
Lawe.
The said Henry Harcourt also granted and confirmed to
the said William and Emma half a quarter of pasture for the
yearly rent of 4d. at Michaelmas.
Seals gone.
962. 1363, 2 Feb. [Friday, Purification of 38 Edw.
III.] Wykyngiston. Grant and confirmation by Richard Balle
of Wykyngeston to William Coc of the same, of all the lands
and tenements which Richard had in the town and fields of
Wykyngeston, with meadows, grazings and pastures and all
other appurtenances. I o have, etc., to William, his heirs and
assigns, of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses: Henry Harcourt of Wykyngeston; Richard
Pollyng; William Coc; John Lawe; John Freman.
Seal, yellow wax : a shield in a circle.
963. 1363-4, 4 Feb. [Sunday after Purification of
38 Edw. III.] Wykyngeston. Release and quitclaim by
William Penne of Wykyngeston, for himself and his heirs,
to William Coc of the same, of all his right and claim in all
the lands and tenements which he had of the gift and feoffment
of William Dicoun of Wykyngeston, chaplain1.
Witnesses : Henry Harcourt of Wykyngeston; Henry son
of Simon; John Lawe; John Simund; John Freman.
Oval seal, yellow wax.
964. Same date. Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation
by William Cook of Wykyngeston to Richard Balle of the
same and Isabel his wife, of all the lands and tenements
'Cf. No. 959.
WIGSTON 495 wrr i i
Richard. To hold etc tr» R k ^ feoffment of the said
of their bodies lawfully bezott'C df ,anc^. 'sa^el and the heirs
remainder, if f ^ CtC' Wi*
fully begotten between them to WT D he,1"S laW"
and Amice, children (pueris) of the i Wn n Rlchard SSt *»- - - SStafi
Round seal, yellow wax.
Wykyngefton7' Cr^'aLd""clZrmati & h"ViEJw' 1
Wykyngeston to William hi* b* lk° r Randulf °f
Richard Hanby of OudebT and Rich ^ °' £WyW«°n.
messuage with a croft, lying be,wee tl ^ °f R°bert' °f a
of William Balle on the one side and tk meSSUage "retime
of William Hut on the other To k u I?ess"a8o sometime
Warranty. ' ° hold °f 'he chief lords, etc.
Cok^Joh^Uwe^ThomafT R Wykyngeston; William
William Smith; Richard Randuh. ^ J°hn Frema"'
49Edw. W/J wfkyngesti^ Grtm°redC°nUrS'0n S' /WRandolf
of Wekyngeston toHh P by John
Randolf his sons, of 5 selions ,n the fieUs °f w"k
whereof one selion lies upon H,.J^ V I n Wykyngeaton,
of Robert of Irland onS ™. i&lt°n}"ll> the land
the land of Richard Pollyng on w ' on^h keythornhu|l. next
Symondessontjohn^mythVwffiam Smyth. Fryd"y: Henry
a JZZ h°,dCHARTERS
AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
50EJw. Ill A Wykyn^o»ert te Faukus of Wykyngeston. to
sometime the son of Robert of Halouton , slr
8ir William G°«ere, r^ °r °. chaplain, and John son of
Robert Foulere of Hu*th°rp . ^ messuage in Wykyngston
William le Smyth of Flekeny> . 1Uam Suetyng and Henry
situate between the messuages meadows, grazing*
of Foaton; and al ht. lands and tQgeth wth all
and pastures with all their PP movable, wheresoever
his goods and chattels which the said John had
found. To haV*'fietjV f Wykyngston, with goods, chattels
in the town and d n their appurtenances aforemtaVtewl:
rRoW and John, their heirs and assigns.
8°* ^^Cy H^t; John Friday; John
William Cook; John Koc.
Morsed: Carta Johannis Faucus facta domino Willelmo
Gowar et aliis.
968. 1377-8,6 FeM Smyt
wife, of all the lands an Wykyngeston, with
Smyt had in the town and field.^ ^ ^ ^ h . d
meadows, etc. To hold of the ^ ^ bodies lawfully
begott^r ^W^nmnty H' Reversion to the right heirs of the said
John Facous. ^ Randulf, William
ScotWWut,r SmySh John Bryges, of Wykyngeston.
Seal.
Endorsed I Cart, de Wyggeston.
969. ,378, 17 May IM-dog W- St Dunstan.J
SS-S XZr&ZL messuage of Thomas
iHallaton. 2Othorpe.
WIGSTON 497
Hutte and that of the grantor. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Henry Harcourt of Wykyngeston; John
Fryday; John Randulf; Thomas Hutte; William Cooc.
Seal gone.
970. 1382, 28 Oct. [Tuesday St Simon & St Jude, 6 Rich.
II.] Wykengeston. Grant and confirmation by Henry
Harcourt of Wykengeston, chaplain, to sir Elyas Withyford,
chaplain, Aygulf de Roatthoha1 and Wilfrid de Colgatha, of
two cottages Tying together in Wykengeston between the
messuages of Thomas Huht and John Baker. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Henry Harcourt of Wykengeston; John
Fryday; Thomas Huth; John Randulf; William Cok.
Seal gone.
971. 1382-3, 2 Jan. [Friday, morrow of the Circumcision,
6 Rich. II.] Wykyngeston. Release and quitclaim by Emma,
who was the wife of John Baker of Wykyngeston, in her pure
widowhood, for herself and her heirs, to sir Elyas de Wythyford,
chaplain, Aygulf de Roattheia, Wylfrid de Colgatha,
their heirs and assigns, of all her right and claim in two
cottages with their appurtenances lying together in Wykyngeston,
between the messuage of 1 homas Hutte and that of the
grantrix; the which cottages contain in breadth 70 feet towards
the south and 76 feet towards the north. Warranty.
Witnesses : Henry Herecot; John Friday; Thomas Hutt;
John Randolf; Richard Pollyng of Wykyngeston.
Round seal, green wax. ? 1 within a double triangle.
972. 1383, 4 April [Friday after Low Sunday, 6 Rich. II.]
Wykengeston. Grant and confirmation by Elias Wythiford,
Aygulf de Roathoha (sic) and Wilfrid de Colgatha, to sir
Henry Harcourt of Wykengeston, chaplain, and William his
son, of two cottages in Wykengeston lying together, between
'This name is evidently foreign, but the origin of the surname is
difficult to identify. The rare Christian name suggests a Provencal origin :
St. Aygulf (d. 675) was abbot of the famous monastery of Lerins, on an
island near Cannes, and the only place in France called by the name
of this saint is in this neighbourhood, near Frejus (Var).
498 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
of John Baker. To ho ^ John Fryday; Thomas
Wi,„esse^ Hjnry^ m Coke of WyWengeston.
973. 1384, 8 April ^ridayFaukes of
Wygeston. G'ant,Kynwardel', donzel, Simon Bathe,
Wygeston to David or > clerk, of a messuage in
clerk, and John de Norha™pt° ' of William Sweting
Wygeston situate between te and tenements,
and Henry of Foston; and £ * ^ the^reversion
meadows, grazings and Pasture®' ^ joan, with all their
Of dower after the death of ^ ^ ^ Warranty.
appurtenances. lo ho „uam then steward (senescalfo)
Witnesses : Robert Lang\e(.'tor there; Henry Harecourt;
X'^dryrjohnRandoif.- ^
of whiCh .he 0*^
follows, apparently late 15th cent.) ^
974. Same date. Wykynge,p™kiTofnWykyngeston to
Grant and confirmation. J^> ^ preceding], of a
David of Kynwardley esq.. 1 aS before, with the
messuage ^ Wykyngeston e and chattels whereaddition
ofl together their appurtenances, lo
soever existing and fields of Wykyngeston
hold the premises in the ^ goods abovesaid
with the said reversion o^ dower, ^ ^ ^
and all their appurtenances steWard there; sir
Witnesses : R°belt l.L itT'He^ H^ecourt; John
Robert f Wrlliam koke of Wykyngeston.
^itseal i Wax: on a shield, a stags head.
Legend: s' JOHANN1S . • • • Fawcus facta David,
et sfmtrBath^JoTaTm North' de terris et tenement,s,
t0niS " C:U: 1 Grant and confirmation by David of
k£JE eX XFankns of Wykyngeston, of
WIGSTON 499
messuage situate in Wykyngeston, and all his lands and
tenements, meadows, grazings and pastures, together with
the reversion of dower after the death of Joan the mother
of John; the which David had of the gift and feoffment of the
said John. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : sir Robert of Alyngton, rector of the church
of Wykyngeston; Henry Harcourt; John Friday; John
Randolf; Richard Pollyng.
Round seal, green wax : a double triangle.
976. 1387, 15 Sept. [Sunday after the Exaltation of the
Holy Cross, 11 Rich. II.] Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation
(indented) by John Facous the younger of Wykyngeston
to John Gamel of the same, of a plot of land from the garden
of the grantor extending above (super) the garden of the said
John Gamel, and containing 60 feet in length and I I feet in
breadth. To hold of the chief lords, etc., for ever, rendering
yearly to the said John Facous, his heirs and assigns, a rose
at Midsummer for the first forty years, and thereafter 3d. at
Michaelmas. With power of distraint to John Facous for
fifteen days arrears of the Michaelmas rent. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Randulf of Wykyngeston; William
Cooc; Robert Pollyng; William Smyth; William Mathew.
Round seal, yellow wax.
977. 1392-3 [16 Rich. II], 12 Jan. Grant and confirmation
by Amice Haukyn of Wykyngeston and Emma her daughter
to Richard Randolf of the same, of a messuage with cottages
between the messuage of William Cook and that of William
Penne, and half a virgate of land and all their lands and
tenements with meadows, pastures and all other their appurtenances
in the town and fields of Wykyngeston. To hold
of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses : Henry Harcourt; John Friday; Richard Friday;
Thomas Hutte and John Hutte of Wykyngeston.
Round seals, dark yellow wax : (D a crown, with IHC
below; (2) a crown, with P or R below.
978. 1392-3, 1 March [Saf. after St Matthias the apostle,
16 Rich. II.] Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation
(indented) by Richard Randulf of Wykyngeston to William
Swepston, William Hayton and Adam Thynden, clerks, of a
500 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
yearly rent of 6s., payable at Christmas, from a messuage and
half a virgate of land with their appurtenances in Wykyngeston-
the which messuage was sometime of Amice Haukyn
and Emma Haukyn, between the messuages of William
Penne. And 1 i rood lies into Fostengate in the fields towards
Twobrokes, next the land of John Faukes and of Emma Baker;
1 rood upon Wattry, next the land of John faukes and of
William Swetyng; 1 butt upon Neugate, next the land sometime
of John Piers and the land of Thomas Smyth; I butt into
Stanbrigge, next the land of John Faukes and of John
Skynner; I rood upon Lambecotes next the land of John
Faukes and the land sometime of Richard Swan, I rood upon
Wronglondes, next the land of Henry Harcourt and of John
Elen- U rood into Litteldale, next the land of John Kandult
and the land sometime of Richard Swan; I rood mto Hy lymedowe,
next the land of John Faukes and of Roger Alot;
1 rood upon Seuenacres, next the land of John faukes and
the land sometime of John Piers; U rood into Twobrokes
next the land of John Faukes and the land sometime of
Richard Swan; U rood upon Houndyng next the land of
Thomas Hutte and the land sometime of Richard Swan; I
rood upon Lesemylde, next the land of John Faukes and
the land sometime of Richard Swan; 1 butt into Fulwell, next
the land sometime of Richard Swan and the land of Thomas
Kooc- 1 butt into Foureslade, next the land of John aukes
and of John Cok; H rood into Foureslade, next the land of
William Swetyng and the land sometime of John faukes 2
rood upon Goldewele, next the land of Henry Noreis and of
Richard Swetyng; l± rood upon fullewelle, next the land o
John Faukes and of Roger Alot; £ an acre into Wodegate,
next the land of Thomas Smyth; 1 rood at the town s end in
the fields towards Mokelow, next the land of Thomas Hutte
and of John Faukes; I* rood upon Brette^
sometime of Richard Swan and the and of William Mathew
1 rood into Shakerdale, next the land of William Cook and of
John Faukes; 1 rood into Portogate (sic , next the land of
John Faukes and of Thomas Gylbert; 1 rood into Northmedowe,
next the land of John Faukes and of John Skynner,
U rood into Thakkersike, next the land of John Randult
and of John Faukes; 2 butts upon Cokkesyert, next the land
of William Swetyng and of John Cok; U rood into Boydersike,
next the land of John Faukes and the land sometime of Emma
Baker; I rood into Boydersike, next the land of John faukes
WIGSTON 501
c I L " T" * 1 rooa at Wolrhumylne, next the land
of John Faukes and of Thomas Cook; I* rood into Calpit,
next the land of the rector and of John Holdenby; I rood into
Neutongate, next the land of Adam Kyde and of John Brigge;
I rood into Outebymere, next the land of Thomas Gylbert
, / THJ;nr£ ^steI; ' rorod ^to Hungertonsike, next the
Hnd of John Faukes and of Thomas Smyth; I headland upon
Hungertonh.il, next the land of John Swetyng; I rood into
Blakwelsike next the and of John Faukes and of Richard
Tugge; 1 butt mto Blakwellesike, next the land of John
Faukes and of Thomas Gylbert; 1 butt in the fields towards
Thythornhillmto Cleysike, next the land of John Faukes and
of I homas Catell; I| rood into Brokkeslade, next the land of
John f aulkes and of William Kyrkedowe; 1 butt into Brokeslade,
next the land of John Randulf and of John Faukes-
1 rood upon Eyle, next the land of John Holdenby and of
John faukes; lj rood into Newtongate, next the land of John
Holdenby and of John Faukes; i an acre upon Smalehilles
next the land of John Faukes and of Roger Alot; I rood into
Halterslade, next the land of the rector and of John Holdenby-
I headland upon Taselhill, next the land of Robert Pollyng-
II rood upon Thikthorn hill, next the land of John Faukes
and of John Holdenby; 1 rood upon Prestofthirne, next the
land of John Faukes and of John Cok; 1 rood into Personesmedow,
next the land of William Penne; 1 rood into Fostengate,
next the land of Thomas Hutte and of Richard Magson;
and I butt upon Toftes, next the land sometime of Richard
Swan and the land of William Faukes. To hold, etc., to
William, William and Adam, their heirs and assigns; with
power of distraint upon the premises for arrears of the said
•rRwA?.rd further. 2rants for himself, his heirs and assigns,
that, if William, William and Adam, or any of them or their
heirs, grant the said rent to anyone, Richard, his heirs and
assigns, the tenants of the premises, shall pay the said rent
to the said grantee by reason of the grant aforesaid, under
pain of £10 to William. William and Adam, or their executors.
Witnesses : William Cheselden, dean1; Richard Eluet, clerk2;
8'U T "/ MC NTWarl7 C°'fe 'Prebendary of the fourth
of Le,WC I3l90-'396' dean 1396-1431, and archdeacon
stalls in thf^ N 1? „A" ll?e three grantees in this document held
eighth'stah by'deSh'in itf ^ THynden (i*e' Fined°n> fitted the
502 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Henry Harcour. of Wikyngearon; John Fryday; Thomas Hut.
and others. a 8hield (?): legend
Three seals, roun , • Beneath a double
« : —
m. 1«. 21-. WfZESCS
Wykyngeston. GralJ* an A|Jce Smyth his daughter, of a
Wykyngeston the e er , the messuage of William
messuage in Wykyngeston between ^ ^ ^ ] ^ of
Jewet and that of the gra <> e8ton; viz. 1 rood upon
arable land in the fie d.. off and of John Pauey;
Thakkerhill, next the land ° ^ ^ land of John Bngge
1 rood into Hoghtonga , up0n Wolspringehill.
end that of Brigge and that of Henry Wyptoft;
between the land of John Dr gg gwan and joKn
, rood into Kylbygate. next the °*A ^ of ]oKn
Gamell; I rood upon L^be^ £££. H rood into Stan-
Fauhes the elder and that 1 rood upon
brigge. between the a Gf the parson and that of
Hawethornhill, between e and between the land
William Kooc; 2 butts uponjle ""Wj. , butt upon Croweof
le Guylde and that of Ro and that of J0hn Friday;
well, between the land of le Y ^ priday and
1 rood without Glengate. be we Hawethornhill. between
that of John Sturdy; and Faukes the elder,
the land of Henry Astell and t body lawfully
To hold, etc. to Alice and the heus^ in default
br0ttrhettwifuamandts'heirs. Warranty.
of such heirs, to Friday; Thomas Hutte;
CI.. Bob-. P*~
either side.
Wykyngeston next the messuage ot
"Bruntingthorpe
W1GSTON 503
and that of Emma Leui on the other, rendering therefor
yearly to the lords of the fee the services and dues therefor
by law accustomed, and to Henry Harcowrt, chaplain, for
the term of his life, 6s. 8d. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Witnesses: Henry Sheyl, Symon Macstoke, Thomas
Taylor, of Brentyngthorp; Henry Harcowrt, John Friday,
Thomas Hutt, of Wykyngeston.
Seal.
981. 1397, 29 Sept. [Michaelmas, 21 Rich. II.] Wykyngeston.
Indenture of grant, demise and delivery at farm by John
Faukes of Wykyngeston to Richard Loue of Wykyngeston,
of a dovecot and a bridge over a fish-pond (pontem piscenarium)
within the said John's messuage in the town of
Wykyngeston, for twelve years, with free entry and egress,
rendering therefor yearly 3s. 2d. sterling, viz. for the said
dovecot, 2s. 6d. and for the said bridge, 8d., of the which
rent the said Richard has paid 19s. in hand, and shall pay 19s.
at the beginning of the second six years of the said term.
The said Richard shall maintain and repair the premises, and
the said John shall in due wise water his horses at the said
bridge and bring back water therefrom, saving the profit of
the said Richard, his heirs and assigns. The said Richard
shall cut or cause to be cut the hedge growing by the said
bridge reasonably at the due season of year, to make a fence
in the bridge aforesaid to his profit touching the said watering.
And, if it happen that any trespass be done to the premises
by the said John or his sons, or by any other person in his
name, or by any other unknown person during the said term,
the said Richard, his heirs and assigns, may pursue at the
common law. The said John binds himself to the said
Richard, his heirs and executors in £10. for the keeping and
fulfilment of this covenant, as in a deed of obligation is more
fully contained.
Fragment of seal.
982. 1401. Acknowledgment by brother John Foxton,
cellarer of the abbey of Leicester, of 13s. 4d. from the rector
of Wyxton, by name of the yearly pension due of old to the
same monastery, for the term of Easter last past.
Seal gone.
504 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
. Ann i A r, IV 1 29 Oct. London. Indenture
L 983' Robert Gowe rector of the cburch of Wykyngeston,
between Kobe M;r»V.finaale Thomas Grendon,
of the one party, and £hn NrghPn^e, 'Thon^ indentures
and Richard Lufe, of the other, an « between the
of divers covenants and «"*££££ "urch and rectory,
said parties touching therefrom The said rector
and discharging the said P^rt R n ; fitg
has received the said church Ae same rector
and commodities. Mo^it of grain.
has granted anew ^ ^ ^ ^ q{ makmg Qf
pease, hay, hemp, • oranges and houses of
these presents are stored *«e.ntWanges ^
the same rectory and of the barns,
demesnes of the sa , gRekezerd(,. o{ the sa;d rectory for
KS T^me grain and Hay with Heeand ertit,
i^eTtijrr spfosz'jg: -r r*
in his lodging at London 1'° m«k.J ^ ^
November next, 10 marks, on^ ^ ^ St John Baptist,
apostle then following, • same farmers shall
2sJr»-rtSarschurch,
ordinary and of the said rectory,
The same rector shall repair all the thes£
and shall warrant the premises their
presents. Provided a ways , ts and conditions
part faithfully keep and fulfil all th^ covenants 'a
contained in these indentures, a bond of £A)0 n ^
Witnesses: sir TTromas of Remston, k,„ Henry Aslaby,
citizen of London.
Seal gone.
WIGSTON 505
984. 1402 [4 Hen. IV], 19 Dec. London. Acknowledgment
of receipt by Robert Gowe, rector of the church of
Wykyngeston, from John Nyghtyngale, Thomas Grendon and
Richard Lufe, of £20 of the farm of grain and issues of the
same rectory, due at the feast of St Thomas the apostle.
Seal gone : simple queue.
985. 1403, 18 April [Wednesday in Easter Week, 4 Hen.
IV.] Wykyngeston. Acknowledgment of receipt by Robert
Gowe, rector of the church of Wykyngeston, from Thomas
Grendon, John Nyztyngale and Richard Loue of Wykyngeston,
of £9 21 id. sterling, by the hands of John Dannesby
his proctor to wit, for six horses, two cows, a calf, a waggon
(biga) and the other utensils thereto belonging, a boar, three
sows, 21 pigs and piglings, wax and ducks, sold to the said
Thomas, John and Richard.
Fragment of seal.
986. 1405, 31 Dec. [St Silvester, 7 Hen. IV.] Wykyngeston.
Grant and confirmation (indented) by John Randolf of
Wykyngeston to John Morley of the same, of the lease of a
tenement in Wykyngeston, next the croft of Thomas Pauey
on one side and next the common green (viridium) called le
Buttes on the other. To have, etc., to John Morley, his heirs
and assigns, from the day of the making of these presents
until the term of a hundred years next following by a yearly
rent to John Randolf, his heirs and assigns, of 12d. of good
and lawful money, payable at three terms, viz. at Michaelmas,
the Purification and Whitsuntide in equal portions, of the
chief lords, etc. And John Morley shall make or cause to be
made a house upon the said tenement of three pairs of 'forkes'
within the term of three years after the day of the making
of these presents. And John Morley, his heirs and assigns,
shall make an enclosure about the said tenement, to wit, in
the making of walls or of quickset hedges, so that at the end
of the said term they shall demise the said enclosure in as
good state or better that that in which they received it, under
pain of 6s. 8d. And John Morley shall make the said house
within the said term of three years under pain of 20s.
Witnesses : Henry Harcourt; John Friday; William Kooc;
Robert Symond; John Hutte of Wykyngest'.
Seal, red wax : in an oval the letter I between a branch
right and a saltire left.
506 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
987 1406-7, 6 Feb. [Sunday after the Purification, 8 Hen.
IV 1 Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by Richard
Penne of Wykyngeston to Henry Koc Isabel Balle of the
same. William Balle. Thomas Holy of Leycestre Robert
Sargante of Byttuswelle, and William Baldusley of Lowtheborou,
of all the lands and tenements, with meadows, etc
which the said Richard had of the gift and feoffment of
William Coke of Wykyngeston. To hold of the chief lords,
etc., rendering therefor yearly to the said Riclwrd, jus heirs
and assigns. 40s. silver at the Purification of B.M. Warranty.
Witnesses : Henry Harcourt, John Randul of Wykyngeston;
Robert Pollyng, William Smythe, Robert Simond, Henry
Jeke.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : Carta Ricardi Penne fact. Henrico Cok & al.
988. 1410, 13 Oct. [Monday after S t Denis 12 Hen.
IV 1 Leycester. Release and quitclaim by John Bowune of
Leycester to John Fawx of Wyggestoun. of all his right by
reason of debt, etc.
Seal (simple queue).
989 1412 3 May [Thurs. after the Invention of the holy
Cross 13 Hen. IV.} Wygeneston. Indenture of delivery,
grant'and demise by Richard Penne of Wygeneston to John
Faukus, of a messuage and a virgate of land m the town and
fields of Wygeneston; the which messuage is situate between
the tenement of William Swetyng and that of Henry Foston
To hold to the said John and his heirs from Michaelmas next
for the term of three years next following and fully complete,
rendering therefor yearly 13s. 4d. at the three terms of the
year accustomed in the town of Wygeneston by equal
portions. Moreover, the said Richard grants, for himself,
his heirs and his executors, that, if the said John, his^ heirs
or assigns, or one of them, pay or cause to be paid to the
said Richard, his heirs or assigns, 8 marks and 9s. silver within
the said term of three years, then a charter with seism made
therefor to the said Richard, his heirs and assigns, shall be
re-delivered to the said John Faukus, with all the muniments
that the said Richard has in his custody. And if it happen,
which God forbid, that the said John make default in the
said payment of 8 marks and 9s., then the said Richard shall
WIGSTON 507
have and enjoy the premises with all their appurtenances
and all the muniments aforesaid, [to hold to] him, his heirs
and assigns, for ever, according to the tenor and force of the
said charter with seisin, made to the said Richard.
Seal.
990. 1412, 24 July [Sunday after S t Mary Magdalen, 13
Hen. IV.] Wykyngeston. Release and quit-claim by Robert
Vlfe, Nicholas Walise of Owdeby, and John Belgraue of
Leycestre, to John Randolfe of Wykyngeston, of all their
right in a piece of meadow in Bradmedow, next the meadow
of William Cooke, and in 3 roods of land in the fields of
Wykyngeston.
Seal gone.
991. 1413-14, 8 March [Thursday before S t Gregory the
pope, I Hen. Ill. (sic).] Bond by John Faukes of Wykingeston
the younger to Richard Lofe and John Brown of
Wykingeston, in 20 marks, payable at the feast of the
Annunciation next.
Seal gone : simple queue.
Condition (endorsed): the said John Faukes shall
indemnify the grantees against sir John Berkeley, the sheriff
of Leycester, or his deputies.
992. 1415 [3 Hen. v . ] , 4 Oct. Huththorp1. Grant and
confirmation by Robert Fouler of Huththorp, chaplain, to
John, sometime the son of Robert le Faukus of Wykyngston,
of a messuage in Wykyngeston, situate between the messuage
of William Swetyng and that late of Henry Foston, and of
all his lands, etc., in Wykyngston, which sir William Gower,
rector of the church of Haloghton, John, son of William le
Smyth of Flekeney, now deceased, and the said Robert
Fowler, lately had together of the gift and feoffment of the
said John, sometime the son of Robert le Faukus2. Release
and quitclaim. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty
Witnesses : Thomas Pegge, John Randull, Thomas
Symond, William Cook, John Dawes.
Small piece of seal.
Endorsed: Relax. Rob. Fowler capell. fact. Joh. de
Fawk.
'Othorpe. 2See No. 967.
508 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
993 |4I6, 13 Dec. [Sunday a f t e r t h e Conception o f
RVM 4 Hen. V.] Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation
by John Faukes of Wykyngeston to Henry Koc of Wykyngeaton
and John Morley of the same, of all his lands, etc., which
he has H the town and fields of Wykyngeston. To hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Robert Symond, Thomas Symond, John
Hutte, of Wykyngeston.
Seal.
994 1416-7 [4 Hen. V ] , 10 Jan. Release and quitclaim
by Ralph Friday to John Faukus of all manner of
personal actions.
Fragment of seal.
995 1417, 4 Aug. [Wed. a f t e r S t P e t e r ' , Chains, 5 Hen.
V 1 Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by John Faukes,
Henry Koc and John Morley. of Wykyngeston, to Thomas
Smvth the son of William Smyth, of Wykyngeston, of 18
mods of arable land in the fields of Wykyngeston: to wit, in
the fields called Tobrokes felde. half an acre b™g upon
Hawethornhill, next the headland of Henry .tte^ half
an acre lying upon Nepcrotes. next the land of the sal.d He y
atte Welle; half an acre lying upon Gunwarh.U, next the land
of John Hutte. Also, in the fields called Mablowe felde. one
mod W at Holywell, next the land of Henry Koc; one rood
lying into Porte way, next the land of William Swan; one rood
lying upon Northmedewefurlong, next the land of Henry
EyX 2 roods lying above Audeby gate, next the land of he
said Henry Eyrik; one rood lying between lez Styes next the
land of William Pauey. Also, in the fields called
hill felde, half an acre into Newton gate lyrng next the la
- assz
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Thomas Pegge John Friday, John Randolf.
John Hutte, Robert Symond, of Wykyngeston.
Two seals (one fragmentary): the third gone.
WIGSTON 509
996. 1417, 2 Sept. [Thurs. a f t e r t h e Decollation o f S t John
Baptist, 5 Hen. V.] Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation
by John Faukes of Wykyngeston, Henry Koc, and John
Morley of Wykyngeston, to Thomas Smyth, the son of
William Smyth of Wykyngeston, William Smyth of Flekeney,
Thomas Preston of Henle upon Thames, and Thomas
Geuard of F enny Drayton, of a messuage in Wykyngeston,
lying between two messuages of John Swylyngton, esq., to
wit, between the messuage which is in the tenure of William
Swetyng and that which is in the tenure of Margaret Loue,
and of a virgate of land, with meadows, etc., in the town and
fields of Wykyngeston. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas Pegge, John Friday, John Randolff,
John Hutte, Robert Symond.
Two seals : one seal gone.
997. 1417, 29 Dec. [ S t Thomas, abp and martyr, i n
Christmas week, 5 Hen. V.\ Wykyngeston. Indenture of
grant, delivery, and demise by Nicholas atte Halle of Gylden
Moreton1 to Richard German of Wykyngeston and Amice
his wife, of that messuage, with all the lands, etc., which
were sometime of John kaukes of Wykyngeston. To hold of
the chief lords, etc., from Easter next for the term of two
years next following and fully complete, rendering therefor
yearly to the said Nicholas or his assign 13s. 4d. at two terms
of the year, to wit, at Easter and Michaelmas, by equal
portions. The said Nicholas also wills and grants that, if the
said Richard and Amice, or John kaukes, pay or cause to be
paid to the said Nicholas or his sure attorney, at any time
within the said term of two years, 12 marks and 5s. of good
and lawful money, then the premises shall remain to the
said Richard and Amice and to the heirs between them
lawfully begotten. And, if they die without such heirs, then
the premises shall remain to the said John Faukes and his
heirs. And if the said Nicholas, after full payment of the said
12 marks and 5s., be unwilling to enfeoff the said Richard
and Amice and John, as in form aforesaid, the said Nicholas
binds himself, his heirs and executors, in £20, as is more fully
contained in a bond made therefor.
'Gilmorton.
510
CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
i u R*ndolff lohn Dounesby, John Hutte,
Seal.
997,. 1417, 29 Dec. Counterpart of the preceding.
Two seals (one fragmentary). «•'«»" "ffWrSst srrffrT, by Nicholas atte ^ahe °f, * { Ansty, Henry Briddesmer
FU;, chivaier ohn D^ o^Anety, ^ ^ m
and John Randell of Wy y * grazi s pastures
Wykyngeston, with all lani . had of tbe gift and
and all its appurtenances ' ton> Thomas Smyth son
feoffment of Henry Cok of William Gf Flekeney
of William Smyth of Wyky g Thomas Geuard
Thomas Preston of Henley on TW an ^
of Fenny Draytom To hold o ]ohn Fri<Jay;
RichIdn:fSPe:Je Thomas Grandon; Thomas Hutte.
Sir Carta Nichofai atte HaU facta Henrico de
Ferr' Johanni Dunham et alns.
w. A->"• " Michaelmas next followmg.
Seal gone.
1000. M18-9,
horse mill in Wykyngeston ymg^be ^ ^
which is in the tenure of Hen y q{ ^ lying
lohn Smyth; and of 3 acres a Smyth, the sister
in the fields of Wykyngeston, w and feoffment of
o f t h e s a i d J p h n . a o m e t r m e ^ c o n t a i n e d i n a
charter" made thereof. <-«£ ^.oTaft'er
WIGSTON 511
Witnesses : John Friday, John Hutte, Henry Koc, John
Goluer, Richard Pollyng, of Wykyngeston.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : Wykyngeston.
1001. 1418-9, 4 March [Sat. in the first Week °f Lent, 6
Hen. V.] Wykyngeston. Release and quitclaim by Richard
German of Wykyngeston to John Dunham of Ansty1 and
Henry Briddesmer, of all his right in that messuage in
Wykyngeston, with all lands, etc., and all its appurtenances,
which the said John and Henry, together with other persons,
lately had of the gift and grant of Nicholas atte Halle of
Gyldenmoreton". Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas Peg, John Hutte, Ralph Fryday,
Richard Eryk, Robert Symond, of Wykyngeston.
Seal.
Endorsed: Relax. Ric. German fact. Joh. Dunham &
Henr. Briddsmere.
1002. 1419, 30 Nov. [Thursday, St Andrew's day, 7 Hen.
V.] Wykyngeston. Release and quitclaim by John Faukes
of Wykyngeston to John Dunham of Ansty and Henry
Briddesmer, of all his right, etc. in that messuage, etc.
[described as in No. 1001]. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Fryday, Henry Cok, Robert Symond,
John Bocher, Richard Eryk, of Wykyngeston.
Seal.
1003. 1420, 7 July [Translation of St Thomas the martyr,
8 Hen. V.] Brantyngthorp. Grant and confirmation by
William Harecourt of Brantyngthorp to John Harecourt, sen.,
his son, of the same, and Margery his wife, of the tenement
of the said William, with a horse mill in Wykyngeston; the
which tenement is situate between that of John Hutte of the
said town, and that of Thomas of Grendon'. To hold of
the chief lords, etc., after one year entire and complete from
the day of the making of these presents, to the said John and
Margery and their heirs between them lawfully begotten,
with reversion to the said William, his heirs and assigns;
saving that, if the said John happen to die within the year next
»Cf. No. 999. 2See No. 997. sCf. No. 980.
512 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
following the date of these presents, the premises shall revert
as aforesaid. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Gregory, of Brantyngthorp; William
Gower, clerk; Richard Bagworth, of Brantyngthorp.
Seal.
1004 1421, 1 August [Friday, S t Peter a t Chains, 9 Hen.
V 1 Wykyngeston. Delivery, demise and confirmation by
Henry Briddesmer to John Nyghtyngale and John Morton
of Leycester, of the messuage with the appurtenances in
Wykyngeston, with all lands, meadows, grazmgs and pastures
and allL appurtenances, which Henry, together w.th Hen
de Ferr', chivaler, John Dunham of Ansty and John Randell
of Wykyngeston, who now are dead had of the gift and
feoffment of Nicholas atte Halle of Gyldenmoreton . To
hold of the chief lords, etc, [No warranty.)
Witnesses : John Hutte of Wykyngeston; John Waleys;
Henry Cok.
Seal, red wax : in a hexagon, the letter 1 between two
branches.
1005 1421 13 August [Wed. after S t Lawrence, 9 Hen. V . \
Wykyngeston. Release and quitclaim by Christian late the
wife of John Dunham of Ansty. in her purewid^hoodfor
herself and her heirs, to Richard Penne of Wykyngeston and
his heirs, of all her right in a messuage with the appurtenances
in Wykyngeston which was late of John her ^u®ban '
all manner of actions, real and personal, which she may
have against Richard from the beginning of the world until
the day of the making of these presents.
[No witnesses.]
1006 1424, 29 March [2 Hen. V I ] Wykyngeston. Grant
and confirmation by John Nyghtyngale and John Moreton o
Leycester to Richard Penne of Wykyngeston and Joan his
wife of the messuage in Wykyngeston, with all lands,
meadows grazings and pastures with all their appurtenances
which Henry Briddesmer delivered, demised and confirmed
by his charter to the said John and John3; the which messuage
with its appurtenances Henry Briddesmer, together with
iSee No. 998. 2See Nos. 998, 1001, 1002. 3See No. 1004.
W1GSTON 513
Henry Ferrers, chivaler, John Dunham of Ansty and John
Randell of Wykyngeston, who are now dead, had of the gift
and feoffment of Nicholas atte Halle of Gylden Moreton. To
hold, etc., to Richard and Joan in survivorship for term of
their life of the chief lords, etc., with remainder after their
death to John Penne of Wykyngeston, his heirs and assigns.
Warranty.
Witnesses: John Fryday; Ralph Fryday; John Waleys;
John Hutte; Henry Koc, and others.
Seal, red wax : in a hexagon, I between two branches.
1007. 1424 [2 Hen. VI], | May. Wykyngeston. Grant
and confirmation (indented) by John Randull of Wykynston
to John Waleys and Margaret, mother of the said John
Randull, as part of the said Margaret's dower, of a messuage
and a virgate of land, with meadow, etc., in the town and
fields of Wykynston, and also of 3s. yearly rent payable out
of the premises; the which messuage is situate between the
tenement of William Cole and that of William a Penne, with
one head abutting upon the king's way called Spowtewell
Stret, and with the other head extending opposite towards E.,
and was called of late Helys Randyll lond, or John of
Wykynston lond. To hold to the said John Waleys and
Margaret, as the dower of Margaret, for her whole life,
rendering therefor yearly to the heirs of Robert Chapman
three leaves of a red rose at the Nativity of St John Baptist,
if it be asked, for all service, save foreign service to the
king. Warranty.
Witnesses: Ralph Fryday of Wykyngston, gent.; John
Cok, John Lusse, Richard Pollyng, Thomas Simond, of the
same.
Small piece of seal.
1008. 1424 [2 Hen. V I ] , 30 May. Wikyngeston. Grant
and confirmation by Richard Penne of Wikyngeston and Joan
his wife to John Faukes of Wikyngeston and Joan his wife,
of a yearly rent of 9s. payable out of all those lands and
tenements in Wikyngeston, which were sometime of Robert
Faukes, the father of the said John, and were late of the said
John, in Wikyngeston. 1 o have and receive the said rent,
for the term of the life of the said John Faukes and Joan in
survivorship, at three terms of the year, to wit, the Purification
514 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
of B.M., Pentecost, and Michaelmas, by equal portions.
With power of distraint to the said Richard and Joan, and their
sure attorney or assigns, during the life of the said Richard
and Joan and the survivor of either, if the said rent be fifteen
days in arrear after any of the terms aforenamed. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Wales, Richard Eyreke, Robert
Symond, Henry Cok, John Dunnesby, of Wikyngeston.
Fragment of one seal: the other gone.
1009. 1424, 9 Oct. [St Denis the martyr, 3 Hen. VI.]
Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by William Harecourt
of Brantyngesthorp and John Harecourt the elder son of the
said William, to John Dawe of Wykyngeston, miller (milner),
of a messuage in Wykyngeston next the messuage of John
Hutte on one side and next the messuage sometime of
Thomas of Grendon on the other, which was late of sir
Henry Harecourt, chaplain. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : John Friday; John Waleys; John Hutte;
Henry Koc of Wykyngeston; William Spencer of Blaby.
Two seals, red wax.
1010. 1426, 9 June [Sunday before St Barnabas, 4_^n.
VI.\ Wykyngeston. Release and quitclaim by John Friday
of Wykyngeston to William Penne of Wykyngeston and Amy
his wife, of all his right in a messuage, lying in Wykyngeston,
and half a virgate of land, with meadows, etc., which were
sometime of Richard Balle of Wykyngeston and Isabel his
wife.1 j.
Witnesses: John Waleys, John Hutte, Henry Koc,
Thomas Symond, Richard Eryk.
Seal.
Endorsed : Relaxacio Johannis Fryday de Wykyngeston,
etc.
1011. 1431, 29 Sept. [Sf Michael the archangel, 10 Hem
VI.\ Wykengston. Grant and confirmation by Be^rice S^yth
of Wykenston, in her widowhood, to John Marchall of
Keleby2 and Alice his wife, of a messuage with the croft
adjoining, situate between the tenement which Henry Jewel
lSee No. 959. 2Kilby.
WIGSTON 515
holds on N and that of Henry Randolf on S.; and of a horse
mill with all its furniture, situate within the said messuage;
and of 3 acres and a rood of arable land, lying in the territory
of Wykengston. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Langham, of Keleby; John Waleys of
Wykengston esq.; Richard Pollyng, Henry Cokke, Thomas
Simond, Richard Eyrik, William Webbester, of the same.
Seal.
Endorsed: Wykyngeston.
f dOI2t dlb32 D/0LHe,nRK/]; li1"1/- Grant and indented) by Richard Randolff of Wykyngestonc, ognefnirtmilmatiaonn,
J1 U W „ cYty ' CSq-' Richard Langham of Kylby,
and John Walles of Wykyngeston, gentilmen, of a messuage
and 2 virgates of land, lying within the commodities of Burton
Nouerey and of a messuage and half a virgate of land lying
within the commodities of Wykyngeston, which lately
descended to the said grantor by hereditary right, after the
death of Henry Wygston his cousin, and lately were called
Wygstonland. To hold of the chief lords, etc., so far as the
services appertain to so great a messuage and to half a virgate
of land, lying within the commodities of Wykyngeston,
rendering therefor to John de Bellamount, kt lord of
Beamount, and his heirs, 21b. of pepper and 21b. of cummin
at Christmas yearly to be paid out of the said land in
Wykyngeston. for all services, etc., saving the suit of court
due to the heirs of Roger Quynsy, earl of Winchester, by the
said grantor and his heirs for ever. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Hotoft, Robert Wyuell, Gerard de la
Hey, esqq.; Ralph bryday, of Wykyngeston; John Lay, of
Durton iNouerey.
Fragment of seal.
Vn\V l434' 10 Ai^gi ^ Lawrence the martyr, 12 Hen.
Vl\ Wyggyngston. Delivery and confirmation by Henry Kok
of Wyggyngston Robert Sergeant, late of Byttysewell, and
Wi ham Baddesley, late of Lughburgh, to master Thomas
Hill, rector of Wyggyngston2, of all the lands, tenements.
college"'425*T431 Ind" prebend*ry °f,tbestall in the Newarke
preblnd anH i u U £ Sta" ,43,"I438. He exchanged this
£heS™l,adndE^.Ct7hVhn OT" M38 ,h<! ChUrC,, °' Gre"'
516 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
etc which the said Henry, Robert, and William, with Isabel
Ball' William Ball, and Thomas Hely, now deceased, lately
had of the gift and feoffment of Richard Penne of Wyggyngston1
and which the said Richard lately had of the gift and
feoffment of William Coke of Wyggyngston. 1 o hold of the
chief lords, etc.
Witnesses: John Wales, Henry Randyll, John Hutt,
Richard Eyryk, Richard Pollyng.
Present at the taking of seisin: John Wales, sir William
Dey, Richard Penne, — Randolfe, William . . . , and
Henry Cok.
Three seals.
Endorsed : Carta Henrico Kok fact. Thome Hill.
1014. 1435, 16 Oct. [Sunday after S t Denis the martyr,
14 Hen VI\. Wykyngeston. Grant by John Dawe of
Wheston, milner, to Thomas Freende of Wykyngeston,
tumour, and his wife Alice, of a messuage with the garden
adjoining in Wykyngeston, with the horse mill being in the
same messuage, lying next the messuage of John Hutte on one
side, and that of Robert Payn on the other, which the said
John sometime had of the gift and feoffment of William
Harecourt of Brantyngesthorp2. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Master Thomas Hille, parson of the church of
Wykyngeston, John Waleys, William Botyler, John Hutte,
Henry Koc, Thomas Symond, Richard Eryk.
Seal.
1015. 1436-7 [15 Hen. VI], 23 Jan. Wyggyngston
Delivery and confirmation by master Thomas Hill, rector of
Wyggyngston, to Ralph Fyssher of Leycestre, draper, of all
those lands, etc., which the said Thomas lately had of the
gift and feoffment of Henry Cok of Wyggyngston Robert
Sergeaunt, late of Byttyswell, and William Baddesley, late
of Lughburgh, in the town and fields of Wyggyngston, and
which the said Henry, Robert, and William, together with
Isabel Ball, William Ball, and Thomas Holy, now deceased
lately had of the gift and feoffment of Richard Penne of
Wyggyngston3. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
'See No. 987. 2See No. 1009. 3See Nos. 987, 1013.
W1GSTON 517
Witnesses: William Pacy, of Leycestre; John Waleys,
Henry Cok, Richard Eryk, Robert Hut, Richard Pollyng, of
Wyggyngston.
Seal.
1016. 1436-7 [15 Hen. VI], 29 Jan. Wyggyngston.
Release and quitclaim by William Penne of Wyggyngston
son and heir of Richard Penne of Wyggyngston, to Ralph
Fyssher of Leycestre, draper, of all his right in all those lands,
with meadows, etc., which were lately of the said Richard
,n the town and fields of Wyggyngston; which the said Ralph
lately had of the gift and feoffment of master Thomas Hill,
rector of Wyggyngston; and the said master Thomas had them
of the gift and feoffment of Henry Cok of Wyggyngston
Robert Sergeaunt, late of Byttyswell, and William Baldesley!
late of Lughburgh; and the said Henry, Robert, and William!
together with Isabel Ball, William Ball, and Thomas Holy
now deceased, lately held them of the gift and feoffment of
the said Richard Penne. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Pacy, of Leycestre; John Waleys
Henry Cok, Richard Eryk, Robert Hutte, Richard Pollyng!
of Wyggyngston; John Moreton, of Leycestre.
Seal.
1017. 1439-40 [18 Hen. VI], 19 March. Wykyngeston.
Release and quitclaim by Joan Penne to John Penne of
Wykyngeston, of all her right in all those lands, etc., in
Wykyngeston, which were sometime of John Faukes, and
which the said Joan, together with Richard Penne, late her
husband, lately had of the gift and feoffment of John Nyghttyngale
and John Moreton.1
Witnesses: Thomas Astell, John atte Welle, jun., John
Andrewe, of Wykyngeston.
Fragment of seal.
1018. '442 [20 Hen. VI], 3 April. Wykyngeston. Grant
by John Penne of Wykyngeston to Reynold Moton of Newehalle,
esq. John Waleys of Wykyngeston the elder, and John
renne of the same the younger, of all his lands and tenements,
etc., in the town and fields of Wykyngeston. Also of all his
'See No. 1006.


CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
etc., which the sajd
Ball, William Ba , of Richard Penne of Wyggyngshad
of the gift an Richard lately had of the gift and
^1W C^y^ton. TO hold of the
Chie^tr John Wales, Hen,y RandyU. John Hutt,
Richard Eyiyk, Richard Pollyng.
Present at the taking of seisin: John.Wales, str W.lharn
Dey, Richard Penne, - Randolfe, William
Henry Cok.
Three seals.
Endorsed : Carta Henrico Kok fact. Thome Htll.
, n l 4 1 4 3 5 1 6 O c t . [ S u r t d n a after St Denis the martyr
J°'U y,i Wykyngeston. Grant by John Dawe of
14 Hen. VIJ. wy y * Freende of Wykyngeston,
Wheston, milner, ^ ^ messuage with the garden
tumour, and his w . ^ horse ^ bemg m tbe
adjoining in Wykynges , e of j0hn Hutte on one
same messuage, lying ncx p .L Qther which the said
side, and that of Robert of William
John sometime had of the girt a ^
Harecourt of Brantyngesthorp . lo hold ot
etc. Warranty. Hille parson of the church of J°hn HU"e'
Henry Koc, Thomas Symond, Richard Lry .
Seal.
Wyggyngston, to Ralp y Thomas lately had of the
those lands, etc., c , , Wyggyngston, Robert
glft and feoffment '^/^Mdesley, late
Sergeaunt, late of bytty Wvggyngston, and
of Lughburgh in the town and fields^ Wy«^ther with SsS%s=sri Wyggyngston3. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
iSee No. 987. 2See No. 1009. ^See Nos. 987, 1013.
W1GSTON 517
Witnesses : William Pacy, of Leycestre; John Waleys,
Henry Cok, Richard Eryk, Robert Hut, Richard Pollyng, of
Wyggyngston.
Seal,
1016. 1436-7 [15 Hen. VI], 29 Jan. Wyggyngston.
Release and quitclaim by William Penne of Wyggyngston,
son and heir of Richard Penne of Wyggyngston, to Ralph
Fyssher of Leycestre, draper, of all his right in all those lands,
with meadows, etc., which were lately of the said Richard
in the town and fields of Wyggyngston; which the said Ralph
lately had of the gift and feoffment of master Thomas Hill,
rector of Wyggyngston; and the said master Thomas had them
of the gift and feoffment of Henry Cok of Wyggyngston,
Robert Sergeaunt, late of Byttyswell, and William Baldesley,
late of Lughburgh; and the said Henry, Robert, and William,
together with Isabel Ball, William Ball, and Thomas Holy,
now deceased, lately held them of the gift and feoffment of
the said Richard Penne. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Pacy, of Leycestre; John Waleys,
Henry Cok, Richard Eryk, Robert Hutte, Richard Pollyng,
of Wyggyngston; John Moreton, of Leycestre.
Seal.
1017. 1439-40 [18 Hen. VI], 19 March. Wykyngeston.
Release and quitclaim by Joan Penne to John Penne of
Wykyngeston, of all her right in all those lands, etc., in
Wykyngeston, which were sometime of John Faukes, and
which the said Joan, together with Richard Penne, late her
husband, lately had of the gift and feoffment of John Nyghttyngale
and John Moreton.1
Witnesses : Thomas Astell, John atte Welle, jun., John
Andrewe, of Wykyngeston.
Fragment of seal.
1018. 1442 [20 Hen. VI], 3 April. Wykyngeston. Grant
by John Penne of Wykyngeston to Reynold Moton of Newehalle,
esq., John Waleys of Wykyngeston the elder, and John
Penne of the same the younger, of all his lands and tenements,
etc., in the town and fields of Wykyngeston. Also of all his
JSee No. 1006.
518 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
i , rhatte,s movable and immovable, living and dead,
goods and cnaueis, . Wvkvngeston, or elsewhere
Witnesses: Henry Cok, Thomas Symond, John Love of
Wykyngeston.
Seal.
of attorney of Reyno penne of the same,
Waleys of Wykyngeston, sen.^ ^ Wykyngeston, sen. to
jun., empowering Joh lands, etc., which they
occupy, etc in their of the said John Penne.
lately had of the gi Wykyngeston; and also to
sen., in the town and ^ATnZel\\ those their goods
keep and govern in their s , |e jiving and dead, which
and chattels, movable and imm ^ ^ penne, sen., in
they lately had of the giit o ^ within the realm of
the town of Wykynges ]andg mQW the
England; and to plough andfsow^he ^ ^ ^
said meadows and carry ^ ^ ^ from the said meadows
upon the said lands, eame goods and chattels,
forthcoming, and to tra c wi ^ advantage and profit of the
crops and hay ^atsoever, i i un penne, jun. And the
said Reynold, John Waleys, and John £enn , 3^
said John Penne, sen., w en render a good and
John, and John, or any one of them sh ^ ^ ^
faithful account concerning the sa
and chattels, and the increment thereof.
One seal : two gone.
1 0 2 0 . , 4 4 2 [21 Hen. W] 27 Dec^ Wp^ngstcn.
Delivery and ^"^f^^gston. son of Richard
draper, to J^" r 11 t^e lands and tenements.
Penne, late of Wyg^jg® t^es w;th all their appurtenances,
meadows, grazings &nd Pastu f h -ft and feoffment of
which the said ^ ^ of Wyggyngsrorin^
ownHand Lids of Wyggyngs.onL To hofd of
the'chief lords, etc. Warranty.
iSee Nos. 1015, 1016.
W1GSTON 519
Witnesses : Richard Randolf of Leycester, grocer; Henry
Cok; Thomas Symond; Richard Pollyng; William Waymond
of Wyggyngston.
Oval seal, red wax : a lion rampant.
1021. Same date. Wyggyngston. Letters of the same
Ralph, appointing John Waleys of Wyggyngston the elder,
as his attorney to deliver seisin of the premises.
Seal broken.
1022. 1443 [21 Hen. VIJ, 2 May. Grant by Ralph Fryday
to Richard a Penne, his kinsman, of a yearly rent of 4s. 6d.
for the term of his life, which belongs to the said Ralph and
his heirs from a tenement and lands of the said Richard,
situated in the street (vico) of Moseho in the town of
Wykengeston, and lately called Faukes lond or Gudwyns
lond; of the which rent the said Ralph has put the said
Richard in possession by the payment of sixpence, even as
the said rent was paid in time past.
Witnesses : William a Penne, Thomas Symond, Henry
Cokke, of Wykemston, Ralph Brasyer of Leycestre.
Seal.
Per me Radm Fryday.
1023. 1443, 22 June [Sat. after Trinity, 21 Hen. VI.]
Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by Henry Bellomonte,
esq., and Richard Hotoft, esq., to Richard Fryday and
Elizabeth his wife, of all and sundry the lands, etc., with
22s. 2d. yearly rent, which the said Henry and Richard Hotoft
had of the gift and feoffment lately of the said Richard
Fryday, in Wikyngeston : to wit, the capital messuage lying
between the tenement of the lord of Oxford on N. and the
common way called Bysrowgate on the other side. Also 3
virgates of land, and a croft called Halcroft, lying between
the tenement of the lord of Oxford and the messuage of
Richard Randull. Also 22s. 2d. yearly rent issuing from
divers tenements in the same town at certain terms yearly
there accustomed: to wit, from the tenement of Ralph
Fryday, late of John le Keu, 4s. 6d.; from that of Richard
Pollyng, 3s.; from that of the nuns and of John Smyth, 3s.;
from those of Richard Eryk, 2s.; from that of Henry Cokk,
520 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
6d.; from that of Richard a Penne late of John Faux sometime
of John Godewyn, 4s. 6d.; from that of Robert Hutte,
late of John Dubayll, 3s. 4d.; from that of John Love late
of John Dawys. 2d.; from that of Richard Magson, a e o
John Elyat. 12d.; and from that of Thomas Pegge, late of
Henry Harecourt. 2d. To hold of the chief lords, etc to
the said Richard and Elizabeth, and the heirs of their bodies
lawfully begotten, with successive remainders to John
Fryday, brother of the said Richard Fryday, and the heirs of
his body lawfully begotten, and to Ralph Fryday, the second
brother of the same Richard, his heirs and assigns.
Witnesses : Richard Langeham : John Wajeys, Henry
Cokke, Thomas Symond; William Palley. of Wykengeston;
John Brokysby, William Botheway, of Stoughton.
Two seals.
1024. 1444 [22 Hen. VI], 13 June. Bond by John Penne
of Wygeston, hussebondeman, to John Wardele, clerk, in
40s. sterling, payable at Michaelmas next.
Seal gone : simple queue.
1025. 1449, 3 June [Tuesday after Pentecost, 21 VI].
Wykyngeston. Grant and confirmation by Tho™as \,re^n'd«
of Leycester, tumour, and Alice his wife to John Mischaell
of Wykyngeston and William Kegworth of Leycester. of a
messuage with the garden adjoining in ^\townu°f^yky,nf,eS;
ton, situate between the messuage of Robert Hutte and that
of Margaret Scales, late the daughter of Thomas Grendon;
the which messuage the grantors of late had of the gift^ and
feoffment of John Dawe of Wheston, milner . 1 o hold ot
the chief lords. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Walles of Wykyngeston the elder
William Pauley. John Palmer. William Symond. R.chard
Eyrek, of the same. cg '
Two seals (broken).
Endorsed : These byth the Bondars and Mayars of the
same londe of Grendon.
1026. 1452 [31 Hen. VI], 10 Dec. Indenture (English) of
bond in £40, to be paid at Michaelmas next, between John
1See No. 1014.
WIGSTON 321
Penne of Wykyngeston, husebondman, and John Love of the
same town yoman, for keeping of the covenant whereby the
said John Penn and John Walys of Wykyngeston shall deliver
of make to be delivered estate to John Love and to his
'assyners in two messuages set in Wykyngeston. of the which
one was sometime of John Faux, and the other of Richard
Balle, with all lands, tenements, etc. that the said John Penn
has m the town and fields of Wykyngeston. at Michaelmas
next. This estate so delivered, the said John Love shall pay
to the said John Penn £10, of the which the said John Penn
shall leave to the said John Love £5 unto Midsummer next
after the said feast. And the said John Penn shall have all
the rent of the said messuages and the tenants there, to
'stresse' for the rent, if it need, so that he shall pay the chief
rent unto the said feast of St Michael, so that the said John
Love shall have free entry and owtgayt* to the said messuages
with their purtenances, for to reparell and mende the lands
for to falowe', and he shall have all the meadows and
pastures that the said John Penn hath in the fields of
Wykyngeston unto the said feast. Also the said John Penn
shall have free entry and 'owtgayt* without any reparation to
his 'peys Rekes' that he bought of the said John Love, unto
the said feast, without any impediment or destruction of the
said pease of the said John Love or of any man in his name.
If these covenants be kept well and truly, the bond shall be
null : otherwise, it shall be sued by law.
Seal broken.
1027. Same date. Bond by John Penn of Wykyngeston
husbandman, to John Loue of the same, in £40, payable at
Michaelmas.
Seal gone : simple queue.
1028. 1453 [32 Hen. VI], 2 Oct. Wykyngeston. Grant
and confirmation by John Penne, son and heir of Richard
Penne, to John Love and Agnes his wife of all his lands,
tenements, etc., in Wykyngeston. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Waleys, jun., Henry Cok, Richard
Eyrikke, Henry Eyrikke, Thomas Astell.
Seal.
Endorsed: Jhon Pene dedit Jhon Love & agneti vx.
522 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
1029. Same date. Wykyngeston. Letters of the same,
appointing William Boteler and Thomas Astell his attorneys
to deliver seisin of the premises.
Seal.
1030 1453 [32 Hen. VI], 2 Oct. Wykyngeston. Release
and quitclaim by John Waleys the elder to John Love, Agnes
his wife, and the heirs of the said John, of all his right and
claim of and in two messuages, with lands, meadows,
grazings, pastures, rents and services with their appurtenances
in Wykyngeston; whereof one was of John Faux and the other
of Richard Balle. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Waleys the younger; Henry Cok;
Richard Eyrikke; Henry Eyrikke; Thomas Astell of Wykyngeston,
and many others.
Seal, red wax.
1031. 1454-5 [33 Hen. VI], 5 Feb. Wykyngeston. Grant
by Richard Cheseman of Leycestre to John Luf of Wykyngeston,
of a messuage, six acres of land and four of Pas^urJ<
with meadows, leasowes, etc., lying in the town and helds
of Wykyngeston; the which messuage is situated between
the tenement of Ralph Fryday on E., and ^ that of John
Mitchell on W, and extends from the king s way called
Bussclowe to the north field of the said town. 1 o hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Presgraue, John att Welle, Thomas
Astell, William Palley, John Adkyn, of Wykyngeston.
Seal.
1032. 1454-5 [33 Hen. VI], 8 Feb. Wykyngeston. Grant
and confirmation by John Luf of Wykyngeston to Thomas
Eueryngham, esq., Henry Robson, esq., Robert Ferneham
esq , and William Presgraue, husbondman, of a messuage, b
acres of land, 4 [acres of] pasture, with meadows, etc., in
the town and fields of Wykyngeston; the which messuage
is situate between the tenement of Ralph Fryday on E. anc
that of John Mitchell on W., and stretches from the king s
way called Bussclow to the N. field of the said town. lo
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: William Presgraue, John at Well, Thomas
Astell, William Palley, John Adkyn.
W1GSTON 523
Seal.
Endorsed : Johannes Love dedit vnum mess.
1033. 1454-5 [33 Hen VI], | o Feb. Wykyngeston. Grant
and confirmation by John Luf of Wykyngeston to Thomas
Eueryngham esq., Henry Robson, esq., Robert Ferneham.
esq., and William Presgraue, husbondman, of all his lands,
tenements, etc., m the town and fields of Wykyngeston. To
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
if weir Astell, WilliaemS :pPXalfl;elylia, rJ?o hfnre A^d,kayune.' John att Welle- Thoma*
Seal.
I '„034k W'l Audit of the amounts of John
Love, barlrff there, before John Somercotes, auditor of sir
Aubrey de Veere, the ord there, so that, computatis computand,
sand °U°caUs allocandis, to the morrow of St Michael
the Archangel, 34 Hen. VI the same John has nothing in
arrear, but departed quit of his account.
'°35- ,'453, ' 0ct- [Wednesday after St Michael the
archange , 34 Hen. VI], Wykyngeston. Grant by John
Mischaell of Leycestre to Richard Wyndeslowe and Agnes
his wife, of a messuage with the garden adjoining situate in
the town of Wykyngeston, between the messuage of Robert
Hutte and that of John Lofe, late of Margaret Scales, the
which the said John Mischaell had of late with William
K.egworth of Leycestre, now deceased, of the gift and feoffme,
n! °V 1rTndt °f Leycestre, tumour, and Alice his
wife . 1 o hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John Walles of Wykyngeston the elder, John
Lofe, Robert Hutte, William Webster, William Pawley of
the same.
Seal.
1036. 1455 [34 Hen. VI], 2 Oct. Wykyngeston. Grant and
confirmation by John Luffe of Wykyngeston to Thomas
eueryngham, esq., William Grymmesby, esq., Robert
Stanton, Richard Neel, William Catte, clerk, and William
boteler del Ermytage, of all his lands and tenements in
'Se<> No. 1025.
524 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Wykyngeston and Knyghton, andelsewhere in co Loycestcr.
To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Richard Langhanr of Kilby. gentian John
wflham 'he same. Richard Sewale
and John Neel of Knyghton.
Endorsed (Infer hand): Jhoes love dedit Rico Ney.l Willo
Cate clico &c.
p.s, jtf« " take and deliver seisin of the premises.
Seal.
1038. 1456. 2!.April
Wykyngeston. Grant y Wykyngeston and Agnes
and Agnes hr. wife to John_ Lofe ot Wy y g ^ ^ ^
his wife, of a messuage w.th the garden aoj^s ^ RqW
C/anTthI
John Carter of Wykeston.
Seals gone, except a small piece of one.
1039. 1457, 29 Sept. [St Michael the
^.^^S^er^t^Wode.
sterling a day. 1 o na appertaining, and
with all the profits in any y ^ t^e jate Qf these
accustomed, and the sai jolm of Wode and his
presents, receiving year y - ^ John of Wode, by
hutw'ntnSrMthe istuls^nd profits of the said lordship
'See No. 1035.
WIGSTON 525
forthcoming, at two terms in the year, to wit, at Easter and
Michaelmas by equal portions. Mandate and precept to all
and singular the tenants of the said Awbrey to be respondent,
assistant, and attendant to him in the execution of the said
office. In testimony whereof the said Awbrey has affixed to
the present writing the seal which he uses, because during
the life of his father he does not use the seal of his arms in
any way.
Piece of seal.
1040. 1462 [ 2 Edu). IV], 10 Nov. Wygeston. Indenture
(English) between Richard Randull of Leicester, of the one
part, and William Gierke and Markett his wife, of the other,
whereby the said Richard grants to the said William and
Markett the lease of a messuage in Wygeston and 3 quarters
of land, with meadow and pasture, in the fields of the same
town, for the ingression whereof the said William and
Markett have paid in hand 6s. 8d. To hold to the said
William and Markett and their assigns from Michaelmas next
to the end and term of 20 years, rendering therefor yearly to
the said Richard 15s. of good and lawful money of England
at three terms of the year there usual. The said Richard
undertakes to make the messuage tenantable against the said
entry; and the said William and Markett shall maintain all
repairs, with hedging and ditching, during the said term, and
shall leave the premises in repair, at the end thereof, by
view of six persons of this present covenant.
Witnesses : Robert Swane, John Balles, William Symund.
Two seals.
1041. 1463 [ 3 Edu). IV], 20 June. Wykyngeston. Demise
and delivery by Richard Neel, Robert Staunton, William
Catte, clerk, and William Boteler del Ermytage, to John
Wodde of Wykyngeston and Joan his wife, daughter and heir
of John Luffe, late of the same, now deceased, of all those
lands and tenements, etc., in Wykyngeston, Knyghton, and
elsewhere in co. Leycester, which the said Richard, Robert,
William, and William, lately had of the gift and feoffment
of the said John Luffe, save only a messuage, a half virgate
of land, a virgate of meadow, and a half virgate of pasture
in Wykyngeston, in the tenure of Henry Eyryk, a messuage
and certain lands, etc., in the same, in the tenure of John
Ill
llll
1
526 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
A,b„. „d...r«•*IS's;
Palley, Henry Cok, of the same.
Three seals : one gone.
'042, Sa„e date. Wykyilgeston t fVSZ
appointmg Thomas Mercer ot wy y g ^ ^
Excepted seisin to Agnes who
was the wife of John Luffe.
Two seals : two gone.
sThn^n^&o^h^n;r:i
lands, t^emer^. etc y ^ ^ Nq |()41] an(J tQ d lver
where in co. Leyce I „ f Wykyngeston and Joan
seism of the same tc.John Wodde oM ^
to^he force'antHorm of the charter made thereof by the sa.d
grantors.
Three seals : one gone.
,044. 1463 [3 Echo.
demise, and confomataon indented) y
Robert Staunton, Wilham Catte, cler^ ana ,ate
del Ermytage, to Agnes who was the w.fe oUohn ^
of Wykyngeston, now deceased, of aJ^Ua^gate of
virgate ofHand a.virgate o me ^ ^ Henry Eyiyk of
T slme1: messuage and certain lands, meadows and
pastures in the same, in the tenure J Weuer which
th gift and feoffment of thesatd John Ufc ^ fm
whole hfe,' whhout impeachment of waste, with remamder,
'11 1 111
W1GSTON 527
after her decease, to John Wodde and Joan his wife, daughter
and heir of the said John Luffe, and to the heirs of their
bodies lawfully begotten, and, in default of such issue, to
the heirs and assigns of the same Joan.
Witnesses : Richard Langham of Kylby, gentilman; John
Waleys of Wykyngeston, gentilman; Thomas Mercer, William
Palley, Henry Coke.
One seal : three gone.
1044A. Counterpart of the same.
Three seals, one gone.
1045. 1464 [4 Edw. IV], 20 Dec. Indenture (English)
between Richerd Randull of Leicester, of the one part, and
William Clerke and Markett his wife, of the other, whereby
the said Richerd grants and leases to the said William and
Markett his capital messuage, with a croft on the E. side
thereof called the tenmentt, and a croft called Malkeyn
Randull croft, and a croft called Swettynges croft, and a toft
called Reddeleiz tofth, in Wygiston, and 3 yardlands and a
quarter land, and 7 acres of land, with meadow, pastures
and leazes, in the fields of the same town, with all the commodities
of old time to the said messuage pertaining or
belonging, with all manner of sherdeynges' within the said
messuage; for the ingression whereof the said William and
Markett have paid in hand 20s. of good and lawful money.
To hold, with all the commodities, etc., except chief rents,
to the said William and Markett, their heirs and assigns, from
Michaelmas to the end and term of 12 years next ensuing,
rendering therefor yearly to the said Richard, his heirs or
assigns, 40s. of good and lawful money of England at three
teims there usual, and also 4s. to the lady Markett
Effreyngam at the said terms, for the services done beforetime.
The said Richerd promises to make the said messuage
tenantable against the said entry; and the said William and
Markett shall uphold all manner of repairs except laying of
slate and great timbers, and shall leave the premises
sufficiently 'reparelld' at the end of the said term. Power of
distraint to the said Richard, if the said rent be in arrear a
month after any of the said terms. Be me Richard Randull.'
Two seals.
528 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
, 046. 1466 [6 Ed*. IV1, 14 R^en
Ferneham! esq., J AgneT who was the wife of Jobu Luffe,
,ssue, to the heirs a g ^ land, and 4 pastures, with
s=ttjL-sr5rJt=-'«=
, o h e s s e : Waleys of Wykyngeston, gentilman, Thomas Merce
Palley, William Puell, of Wykyngeston.
Two seals.
1047 1490-1 [6 Hen. VII], I Feb. Wykyngeston Inden
Je of delivery and demise at farm by Elizabeth Kent,
widow, to John Torvyle, esq., of w^^lley. called
assign^'at Midsummer, if it be required. John hasten to
Elizabeth26s. ^aS^rrSrthr^'oft well and
XntlS the said term and shall demise it at the
end of the same in good and sufficient repa .
Witnesses : John Waleys; John Carter; William Kyng.
John Whyte; William Ferys.
Seal, red wax.
1048 1493, 23 Sept. [Monday before Michaelmas 9 Hen
VII.}1 Wygston. Indenture of covenant and bargain (English)
lSee Nos. 1032. etc. 2Cf. No. 929, to which this deed is tied.
WIGSTON 329
between William Duxwell, esq., of Coton upon the Wold,
co. Warwick', of the one part, and Elizabeth Kent, of Kerby2,
wedu , of the other. The said Elizabeth agrees that John
Kent, her son and heir apparent, shall marry and take to his
wife Marie Duxwell, daughter of the said William, the
marriage to be solemnised at the said VFilliam's costs and
charges. The said William agrees to give the said John and
Marie his wife 20 marks of good and lawful money of
England, and thereupon the said John Kent gave his mother
Elizabeth 5 marks, and the said William gave her other 5
marks, for the which the said Elizabeth covenants to make
a good and lawful estate to sir Thomas Pulteney, kt., Euererd
Fyldyng, esq., and Nicholas Osbern, gentilman, of all her
lands, etc., in the town and fields of Wigston, and to their
heirs and assigns, to the behoof and use of the said John and
Marie, and to the heirs of the said John for evermore. To
hold of the chief lord, etc., to the said sir Thomas, Euererd
and Nicholas, and their heirs, to the behoof and use aforesaid,
as in a deed thereof made more plainly appeareth.
Seal gone.
1049. Same date. Wigston. Grant and confirmation by
Elizabeth Kent of Kerby, in her pure widowhood and lawful
power, to sir Thomas Pulteney of Misterton, kt., Euererd
Fyldyng of Lutturworth, esq., and Nicholas Osbern of
Lilburn, co. Northants, gentylman, of all lands, etc., in the
town and fields of Wigston, both of her inheritance and of
her purchase. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John Wales, John Carter, John White,
William Kyng, of Wigston; Robert Guyvver, of Swynford.
Seal.
Endorsed : The wille of Elizabeth Kent within written is
thus that hur feoffes within namyd ar infeffed to the vse &
behofe of John Kent hur eldur son & to his heyres for
evermore.
1050. 1501 [16 Hen. VII], 30 June. Wikengeston. Grant
and confirmation by Joan Wode of Asston, co. Salop3, relict
of John Wode of Asston, deceased, daughter and heir of
'Colon, near Rugby. *Kirby Muxloe. 3Probably Aston, 6 miles E.
ot Bridgnorth, in the parish of Claverley, to which the grantee in this
transaction belonged.
530 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
John Love, in her pure widowhood and lawful power, to
William Bolewardyne of Clauerley, of all and sundry those
her lands, tenements, etc., lying in Wikyngeston, Knighton,
and elsewhere within co. Leycester, which she lately had of
the gift and feoffment of Richard Neell, Robert Staunton,
William Catte, clerk, and William Botelar of Ermytage, as
in a chaiter of feoffment made thereof is more fully
contained1. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert Gateacre, esq.; Humfre Gateacre, his
brother; John Barker, William Eyricke, William Kynge.
Seal.
Endorsed : nota for the moity conveyance of thys dede.
1031. Same date. Wikyngeston. Letters of attorney of
John Wode of Asston, co. Salop, relict [etc. as in No. 1050],
empowering Thomas Pirn of Seisdon, co. Sta^rd • f,nter
and deliver seisin of the premises [as in No. 1030] to William
Bolewardyne.
1052 1503 [19 Hen. V1I\, I Dec. Indenture (English) of
bargain and sale by Elizabeth Kent, widow daughter and
heir of Richard Randolf, to Katrine, lady Hastynges of a
messuage and 2 yards of land, lying in the town and fields of
Burton Nouerey, and of a messuage with certain lands, etc
in the town and fields of Wiggeston, now in the holding ot
John Coke and Thomas Vaune3. To hold to the said Katrine
and such persons as she will name, their heirs and assigns,
for ever Of which premises the said Elizabeth granteth to
make or cause to be made a sufficient and lawful estate to
the said Katrine, or to her said nominees by deed, hne,
release, recovery, or otherwise, before the feast of the
Purification of our Lady next coming. I he said Elizabeth
also grants that the premises shall be quit and discharged
of all incumbrances save rents due to the chief lord of the
fee. Muniments, etc., shall be delivered before the said date.
The said Katrine grants payment of £16 13s. 4d.,, of which
£12 7s. 4d. has been paid aforehand, and £4 6s. Od. on the
day of the making of these presents.
Seal gone.
'See Nos. 1041. 1042. 2Seisdon, in the parish of Trysull, co. Staff.,
lies close to the Shropshire border, N.E. of Aston and Claverley. See
No. 1012.
WIGSTON 531
1053. 1503-4 [19 Hen. VII], 6 March. Grant and confirmation
by Elizabeth Kent, widow, in her pure widowhood,
to Thomas Entwysell, sen., esq., Edward Danet, esq., Roger
Wiggeston, esq., John Dauers, esq., Thomas Hasilryg, esq.,
Thomas Entwisell, jun., Robert Hasilryg, Richard Langham,
John Syde, clerk, William Kent, clerk, Ralph Kent, chaplain,
and 1 homas Kent, of all the messuages, lands, etc., in
Wykyngeston, which were sometime of Richard Randolf,
father of the said Elizabeth. To hold of the chief lords, etc.,
to fulfil therefrom the last will of the said Elizabeth. The
said Elizabeth has delivered seisin of the premises in her
proper person.
Seal.
Endorsed: Peaceful seisin delivered in the presence of
these witnesses: John Kentt, William Walles, gent., Robert
Paulley, William Paulley, William Smyth, Henry Eyryk,
Robert Ferres, William Mereman, Robert Wyhett, John
Shaylor, Roger Langton.
1054. Same date. Release and quitclaim by John Kent
of Keerby to Thomas Kent, his brother, of all his right in all
the lands, tenements, etc., situate and lying in the town and
fields of Wykyngeston, which were of late of Elizabeth Kent,
mother of the said John.
Signed : per me John Kent.
Seal.
1055. 1508 [24 Hen. VII], 4 Nov. Wykyngeston. Grant
and confirmation by Elizabeth Kent, widow, late the wife of
Richard Kent, late of Kereby, to Thomas Kent, her son, of
all her lands, tenements, hereditaments, etc., in the town and
fields of Wykyngeston. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to
the said Thomas and his heirs for ever. Warranty. Power of
attorney to Richard Langham of Kylby, gentleman, and
Richard Smyth of 1 hurleston, yoman, to enter the premises
and take and deliver seisin thereof to the said Thomas and
heirs.
Witnesses: William Turvyle of Newhall, esq.; Thomas
Hessylrygge of Nowesley, esq.; William Assheby of Lowesby,
esq.
Signed : per me E. Kent.
532 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses of delivery of seisin (on schedule) : Robert
F William Eyryk John WhiteP,a Jlloehyn' MWellrHyamma nS mWyitlKli am°f
Wykyngeston.
Seal.
1056 1508 [ 2 4 H e n . V I I ] . 8 Nov. Wykyngeston Grant trJz SsXttJpt." -
hereditam , and confirmation of
rhetld aUfeth To hhofdgof \hge chief lords for the term
of her life. Warranty.
Witnesses : William Turvyle of Newhall, esq.; Thomas
Hessylrygge of Nowesley. esq.; William Assheby of Lowesby,
esq.
Seal.
1057 1509 [/ Hen. V I I I ] , 12 Nov Letters patent of
ri Kent widow Whereas by her charter, bearing
date 4C Nov 1508 [24 Hen. VII]1, the s a i d Elizabeth gave,
iTnted and confirmed to Thomas Kent her son, all her
Unds tenements, hereditaments, etc., in the town and fields
of WykyngTston to hold to the sard Thomas his heirs and
lUs for ever, as in the said deed more fully appeareth
which Thomas, being seised of the premises in his
the wlic f( and granl aforesaid
bUhls char e! bearing date 6 Nov. in the said year, delivered
ancl demlsed to the sard El.zabeth all the lands etc., aforesaid
to hold for the term of her life, as in the deed mre iuBj
aopeareth2 by virtue whereof she is now seised o
premises in h J demesne as of a free tenement with. reversion
thereof to her said son appertaining ; none the 'ess, tor the
gratuitous friendly favour and intimate love that shr=
?he said Thomas, and to the intent that neither the said land
and tenements nor any parcel thereof, by any means or
nietext shall come to John, her first-born son and he
apparent after her decease, the said Elizabeth grants y
these presents and surrenders all the estate, etc., which she
!No. 1055. 2No. 1056 (8 Nov.).
W1GSTON 533
has in the premises, to hold to her said son Thomas, his heirs
and assigns, for ever, to the use of him, his heirs and assigns.
Seal.
1058. 1509 [/ Hen. V I I I ] , 16 November. Indenture
(English) of demise and lease to farm by Thomas Kent to
Elizabeth his mother, of all such lands, tenements, and other
hereditaments in Wygkyngeston, which late he had of the
gift and feoffment of the said Elizabeth, for 60 years, yielding
therefor yearly a rose flower at the Nativity of St John Baptist,
if it be asked. In case of the decease of Elizabeth within
the said term, it shall be void.
Seals gone : one cut away.
Endorsed with particulars of tenants and rents, which,
except for two or three names, are illegible.
1059. 1509 [/ Hen. V I I I ] , 30 Nov. Release and quitclaim
by Elizabeth Kent, widow, in her pure widowhood, for herself
and her heirs, to Thomas Kent, her younger son, being
in his full and peaceful possession, of all her right, estate,
title, claim, interest and demand of and in all those lands,
tenements and other hereditaments, meadows, grazings and
pastures, rents, reversions and services in Wygkyngeston,
which were of late of Elizabeth or of Richard Randolfe her
father. Warranty.
Fragment of seal, red wax.
1060. 1511, 5 August. Will of Elizabeth Kent.
In Dei nomine, Amen. The Vth day of August the yere
of our Lorde god mlccccc and xj, I Elizabeth Kent widowe,
late the wyf of Richard Kent late of Kereby, the perell of
deth gretely dredynge make and ordeyn this my present
testament and last Will in maner and fourme folowinge. First
I bequeth my soule to almighty god and to our blissed Lady
virgyn mary and to all saintes, And my body to be buried in
the Churche of Glenfelde afore the Rode by the Tombe of
the said Richard my late husbond, And for my principall as
the lawe and custume there woll. And I bequeth to the
Werkes of the said Churche xld. of money and a 1 orche for
my lyinge in the same. And I bequeth to the werkes of the
Chapell of sainte Bartholmewe in Kereby xld. in money and
a Torche. And I bequeth to Anne Hudson and Margaret
534 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Catour my doughters all suche goodes as they nowe Kaue of
myn in their own handes. And I bequethe to Elizabeth my
doughter vjs. viijd. in money. And I will and bequeth to
Thomas Kent my sonne all my landes and tenementes in
Wykyngeston accordinge to the feoffement that I haue made
vnto him of the same. And all my goodes vnbequethed I
geve and bequethe to my said sonne Thomas Kent and the
same Thomas 1 make and ordeyn myn executour of this my
last wille and testament. And that he dispoase and doo for
the helth of my sowle as him thinketh most best. These
witnesse, Richard Langham of Kylbye gentilman. Thomas
Greves of Kereby. William Wales of Wykyngston. Robert
Wattes of the same Towne and other.
Schedule, 1513, 20 Oct. Lamehith. Letters patent of
William, archbishop of Canterbury, granting administration,
after proof of will, to the executor named therein.
Signed : T. Peert'.
Fragment of seal of archbishop Warham : Martyrdom of
St Thomas in niche, with shield of see of Canterbury impaling
Warham (a fess, in chief a goat's head erased, in base three
scallops). Legend [SIGILLVM] WILLMI WARHAM DEI G[RA]TIA
[CANTVAR. ARCHIEPI].
1061. 1514 [ 6 H e n . V I I I ] . Indenture (English) of bargain
and sale by Thomas Kent, late of Kerby, gentilman. to
William Wigston the younger of Leycestre, merchant of the
staple of Calais, of three messuages in Wigston and a croft
with the tenements, and another croft called Morwde
Randylls Crofte, and a croft called Redlys Crofte. with
another croft called Swetynggs, and four yards lands arable
in the fields of the same to the said messuages and crofts
pertaining, and also of 19|d. of chief rents yearly to be taken
within the same town of Wigston, viz. of the tenement of
William Symon, I8d., of the tenement of William Frem Id.
and of the tenement late of William Gower a farthing.
Estate to be made and title deeds delivered before the feast
of All Hallows next. The said grantee undertakes to pay
£37, viz. £17 at the sealing of these presents, and £20 at All
Hallows. The grantor binds himself in £40 to due
performance.
Signed : per me Thome Kent.
Seal.
WIGSTON 535
Kentf late f K u"' • ' M Sept' Grant by Th°™»
I , .i y' Bent,lman. t° William Wigston of
asm.' Tb ywUnger- merchant °f the staple of Calais,
RDWI^FYSIR,1 chapia"nn °J :1TH-EWARKE' UYRR
tenements. , ^<I n, —fad
RVha dR T uElJZab,eth Kent' wid°daughter of
The saM TF Jo hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
The said I homas has delivered seisin to the said William
Thomas and William m his own proper person.
Signed : per me Thorn' Kent.
Seal.
Willow ('n W,th Tm\Y/Swf witnesses to delivery of seisin :
U ,1 am Walles gent.. W,1 larn Astell. Robert Polleton. John
Watts, William 1 olleton (?), Robert Paullet.
1063. Same date. Bond by Thomas Kent of Stondon. co.
Hartford . gentilman to William Wigston of Leycestre. jun
-TSLTL STA C CA,AI8' ^ £40' PAYAB,C 3T THE FEA"
Condition (endorsed) : the fulfilment of the terms of a
W^FOTTTLBO^DI/E0' CER,"IN A"D ™
Seal.
1064. Same date. Bond by the said William to the said
I homas m £20, payable at the feast of All Saints.
per me William Wygston, jun.
Endorsed (I) Paid by my brodur Roger Wygston by
aquytauns of Thomas Kent—x li.
(2) Item paid of thy (sic) oblygacion the xvth daye of
rebruary by me Roger Gyllott—vj li.
daye of July anno xvc xvi paid to
Wigston and ^ arC 'n thC handwriting of William
Seal.
Patent o f " n l ^ ' p ^ " ' V " ' ] ' 1 9 J a n patent of I homas Burton, mayor of Ley'c estre, Robert LOertttoenr.s
'Standon, 8 miles N.E. of Hertford.
536 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
bailly Richard Gyllott, Richard Reynold, John Wayzs
Walter May, and Richard Eyre, comburgesses, testifying and
recording that sir William Reede yicar perpetual of
Wygeston, John Tanfeld, genti man, Wilham Paulley, Henry
Paulley, William Smyth, William Catton, Wi ham Astell.
Thomas Leed, Thomas Wraske, Thomas Mylner Robert
Peilton, William Mereman, John Paulley, Roger Langton
Robert Whytt, Richard Eyryk, and Henry Eyryk of
Wygeston, men of good credence and reputation have taken
bodily oath upon the holy Euangehst (sic) of God, that
Elizabeth Kent delivered full and peaceable possession and
seisin to Thomas her son, to the use and behoof of him, his
heirs and assigns, for ever, of and in a capital messuage, 4
yards of land, with tofts and crofts to the same messuage
belonging, set and lying within the town and fields of
Wygeston, within the precinct of the duchy of Lancastre,
the which has been and is holden by service of the herrs of
sir Hugh Champion, as mesne tenant of the said duchy. And
that John, son of the said Elizabeth, never hold possession
or seisin, nor any other person or persons to his use, of or
in the said capital messuage with other the premises, or in
any parcel thereof. And all such rents and services as have
been accustomed to the lord Bealmount beforetime have been
taken of a messuage and a half yardland of Rlch^rd ^ndell s,
lying within the precinct of Wynchestre fee called Chaunters
lond.
Seal of the mayoralty of Leicester.
1066. [1515, 25 Sept.] To all xpon peple to whom this
present Wrytyng Testimanuell shall come to be redde harde
or seyn Wee Thomas Burton Meir of the Town of leycestr
Raff Swyllyngton Recordar of the same Town Thomas Cotton
And Walter Mey Comburgezes of the same sendon dewe
reuerence in our lord god euer lastyng for asmoche as it is
meritorius and medfull to euery xpon man to testifie the trough
in euery matter to many dowtfull Wee therfore before named
certifie and by this our testimanuell testifie ^ that Wilham
Smyth of Wygeston in the Countie of leycestr husbondman
William Paulley Henry Eryke William Mereman Richard
Eryke Richard Wattes and Richard Paulley of the same town
husbondmen with dyuerse othur of the same town came
before vs at leycestr' foresaid the dey of makeyng herof and
their vnconstrened or coacted by eny persone but by their
WIGSTON 537
one meremocon deposed vppon a boke that Elsabeth Kentt
in hur free wedowehod yaff lawful! possession and season of
and in all hir londis and tenementis with all their appurtenauncis
the which she hadde in Wygeston aforeseid vnto
Thomas Kentt his yonger son by hur dede to haue to hym
and to his assigns for euer and then aftur the seid pocession
and season so yevon and hadde John Kentt hir elder son
beyng their present relesed by his dede of relese vnto the seid
Thomas and put to the same hys seale and syne manuell and
delyuered hit vnto hym as his dede the seid deponentis
stondyng by The which dedes were made and wrytton or thei
came their And thuse the same deponentis ben well
reymembred of for thei hadde poyntes yeffon them by the seid
Thomas at the seid possession takeyng and the dedes sealeyng
in maner and forme aboue spesified And moreouer thei sey
vppon their seid othes that John Turveill esquier now decessed
at that tyme sent commaundement to all his tenauntis of
Wygeston that thei shulde be at the delyuere of possession
and season aforeseid and so thei were accordyng to his commaundement
And thuse Wee beforenamed Thomas Burton
Raff Swyllyngton Thomas Cotton and Walter Mey woll
testifie by this our testimanuell where soeuer the matter shall
be examyned that thies seid deponentis haue thuse deposed
before vs In wytnes wherof to this our present wrytyng wee
haue putto our Seales And by cause our seales ben to many
vnknown and also for the more credence to be yeffon to the
premisses I the seid meir to thuse our wrytyng haue putto the
seale of office of meraltie of the Jowne of leycestr' yeffon
their the xxvth Dey of Septembr' in the vij,h yere of the reygn
of Kyng Henry the viijth.
Four seals, red wax, on two attachments : (I) a fragment;
(2) in oval; (3) mayor s seal; (4) fleur-de-lys in circle.
1067. 1516 [8 Hen. VIII], 26 Sept. Grant by William
Bulwardyne of the parish of Clareley1, co. Salop, to William
Wigston the younger, merchant of the staple of Calais, master
Thomas Wigston and William Fysshar, clerks, of Leycestre,
of a messuage and a cottage in Wygston, and a virgate and
a half of arable land and two virgates of meadow in the fields
of Wigston, with all and sundry their appurtenances in the
towns and fields of Wygston and Knyghton2. To hold of the
1Claverley. 2See Nos. 1050, 1051.
538 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
chief lords, etc. Warranty. The said Thomas has delivered
seisin to the said William, Thomas and William in his own
proper person.
Seal gone.
Endorsed with names of witnesses of delivery of seisin :
Henry Eyrek, Richard Eyrek, Robert Ferres, Richard Watten,
Richard Gamull, John Hellesw . . , Robert Farn .
1068. Same date. Indenture of bargain and sale by
William Bulwardyne of the parish of Clareley in the county
of Shropshire, to William Wigston of Leycestre, merchant
of the staple of Calis, of a mease and cottage ™ W.grton
and a yard land and a half arable, and two yard lands of
meadow in the fields of the same, with all other their
appurtenances in Wigston and Knyghton. The premises shall
be discharged of all encumbrances from the present date,
except rents and services due and accustomed and the
present possessors shall be seised and Possessed of the same
To the only use and behoof of the said William Wigston, his
heirs and assigns. Estate to be made at the costs and charges
of the said William Wigston. Evidences to be dHivered
before the feast of the Purification next. William Wigston
will pay £24 viz. £12 in hand, and the remaining £12 before
the feast aforesaid, for which he stands bound m 20 marks
sterling And William Bulwardyne is bound in forty marks
sterling for the good and true performing of all covenants and
agreements.
Seal (broken).
1069. Same date. Bond by William Bulwardyne of the
parish of Clarely, co. Salop, gentilman to William Wygto
of Leycestre the younger, merchant of the staple of Calais,
in 40 marks sterling, payable at Christmas.
Seal : simple queue.
Condition (endorsed): the performance of the terms of a
pair of indentures made of and for the sale of a messuage a
cottage and certain land and meadow in the town and fields
of Wykyngeston.
1070. 1317-8 [9 Hen. VIII], 4 Jan. Remand ^itc^
by John Kent, yoman, late the serjeant of William lurvile
WIGSTON 539
of Newhall, esq., and brother of Thomas Kent, late of Kerby,
gentilman, to William Wigston of Leycester the younger,
merchant of the staple of Calais, master Thomas Wigston,
canon of the Newarke, Leycestre, and William Fysshar,
chaplain, of all their right in all those messuages, lands,
tenements, etc., which the said Thomas Kent of late had of
the gift and feoffment of Elizabeth Kent, widow, as by charter
appeareth1. Warranty.
Signed : per me Joannem Kent.
Seal : single queue.
1071. 1521 [13 Hen. VIII], 4 August. Grant by William
Wygston of Leycestre the younger, merchant of the staple
of Calais, to master Thomas Wygston, Roger Wygston,
master William Gyllott, Richard Reynold, Robert Harwar,
Thomas Newton, Roger Gyllott, Ranulph Wood, John
Westys, Edward Bere, Nicholas Reynold, and Thomas
Hyend, of all manors, messuages, lands, tenements, etc.,
which the said grantor has, or others have to his use, in the
town and fields of Wygston. To hold, etc. for ever, to the
use of William Fysshar, clerk, master or warden of the
hospital of William Wygston, and John Thorp, clerk, his
confrater, and the poor in the same and their successors, for
the term of sixty years, with reversion to the use of the said
grantor, of the chief lords, etc.
Signed : per me William Wygston Juniorem manu
propria.
Seal.
Endorsed : Thes wer present when possession was gyffyn
to the withinnameyd feoffors : Sir Richard Walche preste,
William Gybson, Richard Eyryk, Stephen Smyth, Thomas
Burgys, William Wylson, with diuerse oder.
(2) Carta de Wygston de totis tenementis facta certis
feoffatoribus.
1072. Same date. Leicester. Grant by William Wigston
of Leicester the younger, merchant of the staple of the town
of Calais, to Thomas Wigston, clerk, William Gyllot, clerk,
Richard Reynolde, Robert Harwar, Thomas Newton, Roger
'See No. 1057.
540 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Gyllot, Randulph Wood, John Westes, Edward Beyre,
Nicholas Reynolde, and Thomas Hynde of all messuages,
lands, tenements, etc., which he has in the town and fields
of Wigston, and of late had of the gift and feoffment of
Thomas Kent of Kerbie, gent1. Also of a messuage, a
cottage, a virgate and a half of arable land, and two virgates
of meadow in the towns and fields of Wigston andI Knyghton,
which the said William Wigston had of William Bulwardyne
of the parish of Clareley, co. Salop, gent: To hold of the
chief lords, etc., to the use of the said William Wigston, and
for the fulfilment of his last will. Warranty. Appointment
of Richard Fynye and Thomas Dawkyns as attorneys to take
and deliver seisin of the premises.
Per me William Wygston Juniorem leycestrie manu
propria.
Seal gone.
1073. Same date. Letters of the same, appointing Thomas
Dawkyns his attorney for the same purpose.
Per me William Wygston.
Seal (signet with Wigston's arms).
1074 1323 [ 1 5 H e n . V I I I ] , 4 Oct. Release and quitclaim
by Thomas Wigston, clerk, William Gillot, clerk, and William
Fyshar, clerk, to Roger Wigston, esq., Richard Reynold,
Robert Harwar, Edward Beyr, John Westas, Roger Gyllott,
Nicholas Reynold, Ranulph Wood, Thomas Lynde and
Robert Davye, of all their right in all the manors, messuages,
lands, tenements, etc., in the town and fields of Wigston,
which the said grantors of late had, together with William
Wigston the younger, in feoffment.
Three seals.
1075. 1543, 8 December. Release and quitclaim by John
Love of Barrow upon Soar, co. Leycester, yoman, to William
Eyryck of Wygston, of all and all manner of actions, real and
personal.
Piece of seal.
iSee No. 1061. 2See Nos. 1067-1069.
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 541
XVII. WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL.
1076. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Ralph son of
Robert of Wicham, with the counsel and assent of Alice his
wife, to Geoffrey the chaplain of Kaldewell, of all his right
in the territory of Kaldewell and Wicham as touching the
moiety of a bovate of land which came to him and to his
share of his patrimony. To hold of the said Ralph and his
heirs, freely, etc., and of the king or his attorneys, saving the
services of the same king. The said Geoffrey has given 22s.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert son of Henry, Henry his son, Richard
son of Henry, Robert Com', Reginald his son, Richard of
Leicester, Randulf son of Richard son of Suen.
Seal (in cloth).
1077. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Robert, son of
Henry of Caldewell, to Hugh, son of Hugh le Hopere, and
his heirs, of a toft with buildings in Wicham, to wit, the toft
which Hugh his father sometime held of the said Robert in
the same town; and 23 selions with holms in the south field of
Caldewell; and 22 selions with holms in the north field of the
same town; and two roods of meadow which lie at le
Loetrawes next the meadow of William son of Gilbert. Of
the 23 selions in the south field, three lie at le Dikesende, two
to wit next the land of Geoffrey Achard, and one next the
land which was of William Careles; two upon Huncerhil, next
the land which was of Robert son of Ernald; one elsewhere
upon Huncerhil, next the land of Richard King; one elsewhere
upon Huncerhil, next the land which was of Alexander of
Caldewell; one upon Huncerhil, next the land of Geoffrey the
chaplain; one at Heydale, next the land of the church; one
extends to the bounds of Ringolphorp and lies next the land
of John the clerk; two at le Sowelebrodehevedes, next the
land of Ranulf son of Richard; two at le Hopinc, next the
land of William son of Gilbert; one in Lambecotes, next the
land of the church; one in Lambecotes, next the land of
Richard King; four at le Redehou, next the land of Ranulf
son of Richard; one at le Stonforde, next the land of Richard
King; one at the mill of Wicham, next the land of John the
clerk; and one extends into the syke of Wicham and lies
next the land of Richard son of Ernald. And of the 22 selions
in the north field : one lies upon le Scorteholim, next the land
of William son of Gilbert; one upon le Longeholim, next the
542 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
land of the church; one ^-^r o^ildewX ot wirhin
the land which was of AlexanderotCade ^ ^
le Trauecroftes, next the land of Ranuh »
upon le Fuleholim, next the ^ offcetod ^\he )and of
Hauereholim; ones at the w Kilnewellehil, next the land
William son of Gilbert; one up , t^e way8, next the
of William son of Gilbert, °ne ca|dewell; one elsewhere
land which was of Alexa^derof Caldew^ ^ ^
between the ways, ne bounds of Gouteby; one at
one between the ways, ne^.^am gon Qf Q jilbert; one upon
le Wadh, next the land °fuW,1^rV°(?outebyu lwo upon le
le Clif, to wit, next the boursehal[ . selion
Clif, next the land whrch was of ^ of Calde.
upon le Clif. next the land whrch was cd A ^ ^ ^
well; one upon le Cm Smrtefurlonges, next the
William son of Gilbert; -^leJgorl next "he land of
land of the c^u^' one , unon le Flatelandes, next
William son of Gilbert; anc j ^old freely, etc.,
half a marh at the
Role2; William of Role the "Thom.= son
Richard son of ^rnald. eo^ f RobeIt_ Geoffrey
^rW^h^^-onn^Wilham
son of Richard, Ranulf son of Richard, or
Seal gone.
,076. N.d. Grant andconhrma^b^oW EleyneH
Wikam to Robert son °fCeClly fi ,d f' Caldewelle and
of arable land with the holm m the held or ^ ^ q{
Wicham. which lies upon ^antor and his heirs,
^Tng y^rlTa halfpenny at the Nativity of B.V.M. or
all secular service, etc. Warran y.
80nrwX;G^rnliobn, Of caldewelle; Hugh le
Erl.
Seal gone.
'Goadby Marwood. sRothley.
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 543
1079. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Robert son of Elen
of Wycam, to Robert son of Cecily King of Wycam, of a
selion lying in the north field of Wycam and Caldewell at
Senedalebalk, next the land of Reginald King on S. To hold
the said selion of three roods of the said grantor and his heirs
for three silver halfpennies payable every other year, when
the said selion happens to be sown, at two terms of the year,
to wit, three farthings at the Annunciation of B.M., and three
farthings at her Nativity for all secular service, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Ralph son of Christian, Ralph Arreby, Henry
son of Walter, of Caldewell; 1 homas Diue, Hugh Erl, John
son of William, of Wicam.
1080. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Gilbert son of
John the clerk of Caldewelle to Emma daughter of Thomas
son of Robert, of a messuage in Wykam which was sometime
the messuage of Geoffrey Demyld. To hold of the chief
lords, etc., rendering to the said Gilbert and his heirs a penny
at the Nativity of B.M., for all secular service, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Ralph son of Cristian, Ralph Arreby, of
Caldewelle; Hugh le Erl, Thomas son of Roger, of Wickam;
Philip son of Robert of Caldewelle.
Fragment of seal.
1081. N.d. Grant by Robert son of Richard of Caldewell,
with the consent of Margery his wife, to William son of
Andrew of Waltam1, of a selion of arable land in the field
of Caldewell in a tillage (cultura) towards Wystonbrigge, and
lying next the land of John of Okam on one side and that of
Philip on the other. Io hold, etc., of the grantor and his
heirs for ever, rendering therefor every year when it shall
happen to be sown a silver halfpenny, viz., at the feast of
the Annunciation a farthing, and at the Nativity of St Mary
a farthing. Warranty.
Witnesses : Ralph son of Christian of Caldewell; Ralph
Arreby, John of Okam, Peter son of Thomas, William son
of Bota, of Caldewell.
1082. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Peter son of John
the clerk of Caldewell to John son of William of Wycam and
Alice his wife, of 3i acres of arable land with the holms lying
"Waltham-on-the-Wolds.
544 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
in the fields of Caldewell and Wycam; whereof one rood
abuts upon the gable of the mill of Wycam and lies next the
land of Gilbert Opper on S.; and half an acre lies upon
Scaldeforthemere, next the land of Gilbert son of John on N.;
and half an acre at le Redhou which was sometime of John
the clerk, and a rood upon Hungerhil, next the land of Simon
son of Geoffrey on W.; and a rood and a half at Rmgilthorp
mere, next the land of Thomas son of Geoffrey and the bound;
and three roods He upon le Clif, next the land of Reginald
Legat on N.; and a rood and a half lies upon Hauerholm,
next the land of Walter son of Bota on E., and half an acre
lies upon le Longeholm next the bound on W. 1 o hold to
the said John and Alice and the heirs of the same issuing or
their assigns of the said grantor and his heirs for 32d. silver
payable at two terms of the year, viz at the Annunciation
of B.M. l|d. and at the Nativity of B.M. l|d. for all secular
service, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Peter son of Bota, Walter his brother, Peter
son of Thomas, Robert Achard, of Caldewell; Thomas Diue,
Hugh le Erl, of Wycam.
Seal.
1083. 1271, 23 May [Eve o f Pentecost, 55 Hem I I I ] .
Caldewell. Grant by Peter of Caldewell son of John the
clerk of the same, with quitclaim, to Gilbert the clerk his
brother, of an acre of land lying in the territory of CaldeweU
and Wycam, and of his whole share, and of all the right and
claim which appertains to him in the mill of Wycam. Of the
which acre half an acre lies between the ways, next the land
of Gilbert Franceys on S., and the other half acre lies upon
Kerisholm, next that of John son of John the clerk on N. o
hold of the said grantor freely, etc., rendering therefor yearly
a peppercorn at Easter for all worldly service, etc.
Warranty
Witnesses: Geoffrey the clerk o f Wycam, Hugh Earl
(COmite) of the same, Reynald Kmc Geoffrey hrs bro her
Ralph son of Robert of Caldewell, Ralph son of Ranulf of
the same, Henry son of Walter Arreby hr, brother, Geoff ey
Achard, Walter son of Luke, Robert son of Richard of the
same.
Seal broken.
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 545
1084. 1271, IJ July [Wed. before S t Margaret the Virgin,
55 Hen. Ill]. At Role in full court. Remittance and quitclaim
by Gilbert Franceys of Wykam to Gilbert of Caldewell,
clerk, of all his right within [the] town [of Caldewell] and
without regarding the tenement which John the clerk of Caldewell
sometime held, to wit, both in the tenement which
the said John had of Thomas and Geoffrey his brothers, and
that of Maud of Waltam his sister. To hold of the said grantor
and his heirs freely, etc., with all its appurtenances within
the town of Caldewell and without to the said tenement
contingent. For this remittance and quit-claim the said
Gilbert the clerk has given half a mark of silver in hand.
Witnesses: brother William of Colewell, preceptor of
Role, William Knot, Ralph Franceys of Saxeby, Roger of
Warknateby2, Walter the clerk of the same, Geoffrey the
clerk of Wycam, Hugh Earl (Com'), John son of William,
Robert his brother, Reginald Kinc, Ralph son of Robert of
Caldewell, Ralph son of Ranulf Arreby of the same, Walter
son of Bota, Geoffrey Achard.
1085. 1281-2, 22 March [Sunday before Annunciation B.M.
10 Edw. I.] Wicham. Grant and confirmation by Ralph son
of Thomas of Wicham to Simon Hauberck of Scaldeford3,
of four acres of land and an acre of meadow in Caldewelle
and Wicham; whereof one selion, containing 2\ roods, lies
in til Caldewellebrock, next le Balke and the land sometime
of John of Ocham; half an acre lies in til the Grougemere,
between the land of the said Simon; another half acre in til
Grougemere, next le Balke; a rood upon Hungerhil, next
the land of the said Simon; half an acre at the cross of Caldewelle,
next the land of the said Simon; a rood and a half in
til Hounstikebrese, next the land of John Godyer; half an
acre upon Hounstikebrese, next the land of John of Ocham;
half an acre upon le Clif, next the land of the said Simon;
a rood and four feet under le Tounwelle, next the land of
Etl e; half an acre of meadow containing four swathes, lying
en le More, next the meadow of Thomas le Houe; three and
a half swathes, next the meadow of John of Ocham at le
Lowetraues; four swathes in til Crayerresike, next the meadow
of I homas son of 1 homas, abutting upon the frush (friscum)
of the said Simon. T o hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty.
^othley. 2Wartnaby. 3Scalford.
546 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses : John son of John of Ocham, Adam son of
Ralph, Adam Joie, Gilbert Achard, of Caldewelle; Thomas
son of Thomas, of Wicham.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : Cart. Rad. fil. Thorn.
1086. 1282, 15 April [Wed. after St Guthlac, 10 Edu). I.\
Wicham. Grant and confirmation by Adam son of Gilbert
son of Bota of Caldewell to Simon Hauberc of Schaldeford,
of an acre and a rood of land in the fields of Caldewell and
Wicham; whereof 2£ roods lie upon Hosendalehil, between
thfe land' of the said Simon and that sometime of Reginald
Legat, a rood at Wystonbrigge, next the land of the said
Simon; a rood and a half until the Heyning, next the land
sometime of Robert Achard. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John of Ocham in Caldewell; John son of
Milla, Adam son of Ralph, of the same; John son of Agnes,
Thomas son of Thomas, of Wicham.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : Cart. Ad. fil. Gilbt. fil. Bote.
1087. 1282, 14 June [Sun. after St Barnabas, 10 Edw. /.]
Wicham. Grant and confirmation by John son of Walter son
of Bota and Emma his wife to Simon Hauberck of Scaldeford,
of an acre and a half and half a rood of land in the fields of
Wicham and Caldewelle; whereof half an acre abuts in til
Osindale and upon the capital selion of the said Simon, and
lies between the land of John of Ocham and that of John
son of Hugh le Herle; a rood lies upon Chouelbrode, next the
land of the said Simon; a rood upon Folwelle, next the land
of John alle Wellehous; a rood at the head of the town of
Wicham, abutting upon the croft of Ralph son of Ranulph,
between the lands of the church on either side; and a rood
next Scaldefordmere, abutting in til Wicham Sike. do hold
of the chief lord, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William of Kendale, Thomas son of 1 homas,
John alle Wellehous, Ralph son of Ranulph, William Nalle,
of Wicham.
One seal, pointed oval.
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 547
1088. 1282, 3 July [Friday after St Peter and St Paul, 10
Edu). /.] Wicham. Grant by Robert Dolfyn of Melton to
Simon Hauberc of Schaldeford, of four acres of arable land
in the fields of V^icham and Caldewell, which the said Robert
had of the feoffment of John son of Richard of Asscheby and
Edmund his brother. Also of five roods of land lying in the
said fields between the ways, to wit, between the land of
Ralph son of 1 homas and that of Thomas son of Thomas, d o
hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William of Kendale in Wicham; Thomas son
of Thomas, Ralph son of Thomas, John alle Wellehus, of
Wicham, John of Ocham in Caldewell, Adam Joye of the
same.
Seal gone.
1089. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Gilbert Achard of
Caldewell to Simon Hauberc, of an acre of land in the fields
of Caldewell and Wicham, viz. half an acre upon le Holm,
between the land of Adam son of Robert and that of William
the smith (Faber); and the other half at the high cross,
between the land of Ralph son of Thomas and that of
William the smith. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : William of Kendale, Thomas son of Thomas,
John al Wellehus, of Wicham; John son of Milla, Adam love,
of Caldewell.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : Gilberti Achard.
1090. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Ralph Arreby of
Caldewell to Simon Hauberc of Scaldeford and Mary his wife,
of two acres and half a rood of land with the holms in the
fields of Wicham and Caldeuell, whereof a rood and a half
lie together upon le Holucoumbe, between the boundary and
the land of John at the Welle hus; half an acre lies upon le
Clyf, between the boundary and the land of John son of
Robert; half an acre lies at Osindaleheuid, next the land of
the said Ralph and that sometime of Peter at the Wellehus;
half an acre lies at the cross of Wicham, next the land of the
said Simon Hauberc. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
548 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Witnesses: Philip son of Ralph, John of Hocham,
Thomas son of Roger, Thomas Diwe, Thomas son of 1 homas
the clerk, of Caldewell.
Seal gone.
1091. N . d . Grant and confirmation by Adam son of
Gilbert son of Bota of Caldewell to Simon Hauberk, of a rood
of land with the reversion of the whole tenement which
William of Stounesby and Eva his wife hold of the said Adam
in dower, of the dowry of the said Eva, in the town and fields
of Caldewell and Wicham. And the said rood lies at
Wystonbrigge, next the land of the said Simon. 1 o hold of
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William of Kendale in Wicham; Thomas son
of Thomas, John at Wellehus, Ralph son of Thomas, of
Wicham; John of Ocham, of Caldewell.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : Carta Ad. fil. Gilberti fil. Bote.
1092. N . d . Grant and confirmation by John son of Walter
Bote and'Emma his wife to Simon Hauberk of Scaldeford,
of an acre of land and half an acre of meadow m the helds
of Wicam and Caldewel, viz. a rood and a half lying upon
Haurholm, next the land of the said Simon; a rood and a
half under the croft of Thomas de Diuo, next le Balcke; a
rood at le Swelupitte, next le Balke; and ha f an acre of
meadow in le moor, abutting upon the mill stank of Wycham
next the meadow of Ralph Mareward. 1 o hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William of Kendale, Thomas son of Thomas,
John a le Welhouse, Ralph son of Ranulf, of Wicom.
Seals gone.
1093. N . d . Grant and confirmation by Alice, daughter
of Gilbert the clerk and sometime the wife of John Coteman,
to Simon Hauberc of Schaldeford, of three roods of land
lying in the fields of Caldewell and Wicham upon le Uit
at Senedale, next the land sometime of Gilbert, son of John
the clerk, on S. To hold of the chief lords, etc., doing
therefor to them all the service to the same tenement
belonging for all the services appertaining to the said Alice
and her heirs. Warranty.
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 549
Witnesses : Ralph Arreby, John of Ocham, Roger le
Daubur, of Caldewell; Thomas le Dyue, Thomas son of
Roger, of Wicham.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : Carta S. Hauberc de Alicia Coteman.
1094. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Alice, daughter of
Gilbert the clerk, to Simon Hauberk of Scaldeford, of three
acres, a rood and a half of arable land in the fields of Caldewell
and Wicham; whereof half an acre lies upon Hosindalehil,
next the land sometime of Reginald Knyg; half an
acre with the holm upon le Fouleholm, next the land sometime
of Robert son of William; a rood under le Curues, next the
land of Reginald Legat; a rood and a half upon Hauerholm,
next the land of Walter son of Bota; half an acre at Slothornes,
next the land of John of Ocham; a rood upon Hongerhil!
next the land of Ralph son of Thomas; a rood and a half at
Ringilthorpmere, next the land sometime of Geoffrey
Demeld; a rood at the gable of the mill of Wycham, next
the land of the said Simon Hauberc; a rood and a half at
Ringiltorpmere, next le Balke. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty. The said Simon, for this grant, has paid
20s. in hand.
Witnesses : Ralph Arreby, John of Ocham, Philip son of
Ralph, Peter son of Thomas, of Caldewelle; Thomas son of
Roger of Wicham.
Seal.
Under flap of charter : iij rode iacent super le Clif iuxta
terram R. Legat.
1095. N.d. Grant and quitclaim by William son of John
Coteman of Wicham to Simon Hauberc of Schaldeford, of
all his right in three roods of land in the fields of Caldewell
and Wicham upon le Clif at Senedale, next the land sometime
of Gilbert the clerk. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Thomas le Dyue, John le Tayllur, Thomas
son of Roger, of Wicham; Peter son of Thomas, John of
Ocham, of Caldewell.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : Quieta clamacio de Willelmo Coteman.
550 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
1096 N.d. Grant and confirmation by Elen of Fnseby,
relict of Waiter son of Andrew of Waltham, m her free
widowhood, to Symon Hauberk and Mary his wife and the
heirs of Simon, of five acres of land in the fields of Caldewell
and Wycham; whereof a rood and a half lies at Wystonbngg,
next the land of John of Ocham; half an acre upon bcharthforlong,
next the land of Robert Achard; a rood and a half
upon le Clif, next the land sometime of John Coteman, a
rood and a half upon Flatislaund, next the land of John Okam;
a rood in Senedale, next the land sometime of John Coteman;
a rood and a half between the ways, next the land sometime
of Gilbert Aboueton; a rood at the well of Wycham, next
the land of Thomas le Dyue; a rood upon le Holm, next the
land of John of Okam; half an acre and half a rood upon
le Clif, next the land of [blank]; in le Sikefurlong a rood,
next the land of Peter son of Thomas; half an acre in Lambecotis
or at Redehou; upon le Foldecroft a rood, next the land
of Robert Achard; in Lambecotis a rood and a halt, next the
land of William the priest's son; and upon Schouelebrod a
rood, next the land of John of Okam : the which five acres
the said Elen had of the gift of William son of Roger son of
Peter of Friseby, Ralph and Peter, her brothers. 1 o hold ot
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Part of seal.
Witnesses ; Ralph Arby, John of Okam, Philip son of
Ralph, Thomas le Dyue, Thomas son of Roger.
1097. N.d. Grant and confirmation by William son of
John le C-lerc of Caldeuell to Simon Hauberc of Scaldeford
and Mary his wife, and to the heirs of the: said^ Simon, ot
three roods of land in the fields of Caldeuell and Wycham.
lying in Stykebrese and in le Clyf, between the land of Peter
son of John and that sometime of Gilbert Franceys. .1 o hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Arreby (sic), Roger le Daubur of Caldeuell;
John o f Okam i n t h e same; Philip son o f Ranulfph (sic); John
Cotheman of Wycham.
Seal gone.
1098. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Dyue
of Wikham to Simon Hauberk of Scaldeford and Mary his
wife, of three acres of land in the fields of Caldewell and
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 551
Wikham; whereof 2\ roods lie in Lambecotes, abutting upon
the way to Lambecotehil, between the land of Gilbert
Abouvetoun and that sometime of John the clerk; and three
roods lie at Elyothou, between the land sometime of John
the clerk and a certain bound, and abut in to Scaldefordmere;
two roods lie at Osendaleouerende, between the land of
Alan of 1 aunton and the land sometime of John the clerk;
one rood lies at Osendaleouerende, between the land sometime
of Ralph of Caldewell and that sometime of John the
clerk; a capital selion lies upon Nether flatelandes and
contains a rood of land, next the land of John of Okham;
and a rood lies upon le Schortholm, next the land of Elias
of Osberneby. To hold of the chief lords, etc., to the said
Simon and Mary and the heirs of Simon, doing therefor to
the chief lords the due and accustomed services for all
services to the said Thomas and his heirs appertaining.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Ralph Arreby, Roger le Daubor, of Caldewell;
John of Ocham in the same; Philip son of Ralph of the
same; John Coteman of Wikham.
Seal in canvas.
1099. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Eva, sometime the
wife of Thomas Dyue of Wicham, to Simon Hauberc of
Schaldeford, of an acre of land m the fields of Wicham and
Caldewell, whereof a rood and a half lies upon Langethorin,
next the land of Ralph Maureward; a rood and a half between
the ways, next the land of the said Simon; and a rood at
le Wath, next the land of the said Simon. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Quitclaim to the said Simon of all the lands
and tenements which he holds of the demise of the said
Thomas. Warranty.
Witnesses : William of Kendale, Thomas son of Thomas,
William Balle, Ralph son of Ranulf, of Wicham; Adam love
of Caldewell.
Seal gone.
1100. N.d. Grant and confirmation by Reginald son of
Richard Legath to Simon Hauberc of Schaldeford and Mary
his wife and the heirs of Simon, of an acre of land in the
fields of Caldewell, viz. half an acre 'attedam' next the land
sometime of Walter Bote, and half an acre atte Schortforlong
552 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
next the land of the said Walter. To hold of the chief lords.
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Ralph Arreby of Caldewell; John of ™cham;
Thomas le Dyuet ]5m Coteman. Hugh le Herl, of W.cham.
Part of seal. . _ . . „
Endorsed : Carta Reg. Legath de Wicham in Caldewelle.
1101 Nd Grant and confirmation by William Nalle of
Wycham to Simon Hauberk of Scaldefer ^ ~
abutting^upon le Welle of Wych- ^ lying betw,een
the land of the said Simon and a boundary. .
chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William of Kendale, Thomas Parys, Adam
BOn IE, John son of Simon, of Wycham-, Adam Joye
of Caldewelle.
Seal gone.
1102 N d Grant and confirmation by William son of
si: j £ B ford, etc doing therefor to the chief lords of the fee a
[No warranty.]
Wirnesses: Ralph Arreby, John of Okham. Peter son
of Thomas, of Caldewell; Thomas son of oger, omas
Dyue. of Wicham.
Fragment of seal in canvas.
1103 N . d . Grant and confirmation by John le Tayllur
of W cham to Simon Hauberc of Scaldeford, of 3 roods o - 2t3 ^1
J3T. a Tdoah7ddof Te
grantor and his heirs. Warranty.
7 WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 553
Witnesses : John of Ocham, of Caldewelle; Ralph Arreby.
Peter son of Thomas, of Caldewelle; Thomas Dyue, Ralph
son of Thomas, Thomas son of Roger, of Wicham.
Oval seal, part gone.
Endorsed : Carta de Johanne le Tayllur de Wicham.
1104. N . d . Grant and confirmation by Geoffrey son of
Cecily of Wycham to Simon Hauberk of Scaldeford, of all
his message in Wycham lying next the churchyard of the
church of Wycham on one side and the messuage of the
said Simon on the other, and of an acre and a half of land
and a rood of meadow lying in the fields of Wycham and
of Caldewelle, viz. three roods lying under Stikbrese, next
the land of William of Kendale; half an acre upon Langethorn,
between the land of the lord of Gowteby and that of
Simon son of Henry; a rood at the high cross, next the land
of Adam son of Robert; and a rood of meadow at Witewell,
next the meadow of Ralph son of Thomas. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William of Kendale, Thomas son of Thomas,
John at le Wellehus, of Wycham; John of Ocham, Adam
Joye, of Caldewelle.
Printed oval seal.
1105. N . d . Grant and confirmation by Ralph and Philip,
the sons of Thomas of Wicham, to Simon Hauberk of
Scaldeford, of all that croft which the said Thomas their
father and Eva, his wife, their mother, gave to him in the
town of Caldewell by Wicham. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John of Ocham, Adam son of Ralph, John
son of Roger, John the clerk, Ralph son of Thomas of
Wicham, Thomas son of Thomas, of Caldewell.
Part of seal : the other gone.
1106. N . d . Grant and confirmation by Robert le Webestere
of Wicham to Simon Hauberc of Schaldeford, of an acre
of land and three roods and a half of meadow in the fields of
Wicham and Caldewell; whereof a rood and a half lies next
Brakenousike; a rood upon le Fouleholm, next the land of
Ralph son of Thomas; a rood and a half between the ways,
554 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
next Goutebimere; and a rood of meadow at le Wath, next
the meadow of William of Kendale; half a rood at Wytewell,
next le Sike; a rood at Stonforthe, next the meadow of John
King- and two swathes in Brakenousike, next the meadow of
John King. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Thomas le Dyue, John at le Wellehus,
Thomas son of Thomas, William of Kendale, of Wicham;
John son of Milla of Caldewell.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : Roberti le Webestre.
1 107 N d. Grant and confirmation by Margery daughter
of Simon Suard of Gauteby1 to Robert Turvey of Burton, of
eight acres of arable land and half an acre of meadow in the
fields of Caldewell and Wycham, which the said Margery had
of the gift of the said Simon her father. To hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Ralph Maureward, William of Kendale,
Thomas son of Thomas, of Wyham; Adam son of Ralph,
John of Ocham, William le Feuere, of Caldewell.
Seal gone.
1108. 1291. Demise and delivery to farm by Thomas Diue
of Wycam to John, son of Cecily Kinc of Wycam, of a selion
of arable land lying in the field of Wicam beneath Hundeholm,
next the land of Peter son of Thomas on one side and
that of Philip on the other, and abutting upon the way of
Scaldeford and as far as Mirewellesike. To hold the said
selion with the holm aforesaid to the said Robert, his heirs
and assigns, for the term of eight years, beginning at Michaelmas
1291. Warranty.
Witnesses : Ralph son of Christian, Ralph Arreby, Philip
son of Ralph, of Caldewell; Hugh Erl; Thomas son of Roger,
John Cutman, of Wycam.
Seal (broken).
1109. 1293, 21 Dec. [St Thomas Apostle, 22 Edw. /.]
Caldewell. Letters of attorney of Thomas Campiun of
Caldewell, empowering Roger le Daubur of Cayham to put
Simon Hauberc of Schaldeford into seisin in two selions lying
'Goadby Marwood.
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 555
in the fields of Wicham and Caldewell; whereof one lies
upon le Holm and the other next Hueisbalke, as they are
contained in the charter of feoffment which the said Simon
had of the said Thomas.
Seal gone. Simple queue.
1110. 1293-4, 7 Jan. [Morrou; of Epiphany, 22 Edw. I.]
Caldewell. Grant and confirmation by Margery daughter
of John the clerk of Caldewell, in her widowhood, to Reginald
Legat of Wycam, of three acres and a half of land in the
fields of Caldewell and Wycam, whereof one acre lies upon
Warinhov, next the bound; half an acre upon Scaldeford
gate in Lambecotes, next the bound towards Scaldeford;
half an acre upon le Scarfurlong, next the land of William
son of Luke; one rood under le Stonforthe, next the land
of John Cuteman; three roods at Holecumbe; and half an
acre with the holm and the moiety of a selion, next the milldam
of Caldewell. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Ralph Arreby, Philip son of Ralph, John
Okam, of Caldewell; Roger Daubur, Thomas Diue of Wycam.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : Carta Reginaldi Legat.
1 1 1 1 . N . d . Grant and confirmation by Margery, daughter
of John the clerk of Caldewell, in her widowhood, to Reginald
Legat of Wicham, of five selions in the fields of Caldewell,
whereof two selions lie by the mill-dam of Caldewell; one at
le Wytewell, next the land of Philip; one at le Chart, next the
land of William son of Luke; and one upon Watmor, next
the bound (bundum). To hold, with the holms and herbage
to the same appertaining, of the said Margery and her heirs,
doing therefor yearly to the master of the knighthood of the
Temple in England and the brethren of the same order the
services due and accustomed. Warranty.
Witnesses : Ralph Arraby, Philip son of Ralph, Robert
Achard, Reginald son of Thomas, of Caldewell; John of
Okam.
Part of seal.
1112. 1293-4, 14 March [Sun. after St Gregory the pope,
22 Edw. /.] Wicham. Grant and confirmation by Hugh of
556 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Estewell1, dwelling in Wicham, and Alice, daughter of
Thomas Campion, his wife, with unanimous assent and will,
to John the tailor (cissor) of Babbegraue2, dwelling in
Wicham, of half an acre of arable land in the territory of
Caldewell and of Wicham, which fell to the said grantors by
right of inheritance after the death of Thomas Campion of
Caldewell; and it lies upon Flateland between the land sometime
of Peter son of Bota of Caldewell and that sometime of
Geoffrey the clerk of Wicham. To hold of the said grantors,
their heirs and assigns, doing due and accustomed service
to the chief lords of the fee, as much as belongs to so great
a tenement. Warranty.
Witnesses : Ralph Arreby of Caldewell; Roger le Dauber
of Kayham', dwelling in Caldewell; Peter son of Thomas,
Philip son of Ralph, of Caldewell; Hugh le Erl, Thomas le
Dyfe, of Wicham.
Two seals, much defaced.
1113. 1284, 24 Oct. [Sunday before St Simon and St Jude,
22 Edu). I.] Scaldeford. Acknowledgment of bond by Ralph
son of Thomas son of Geoffrey of Wicham to acquit Simon
Hauberc of Scaldeford and Mary his wife, and the heirs or
assigns of the said Simon, of three acres in the fields of
Caldeuell and Wycham, which they have of the said Ralph,
against the chief lords of the fee and all other men, whereunto
he binds himself, his heirs and all his tenements within
Wycham and Caldeuell. If the said Simon and Mary be
distrained for service, they shall have power to exact half a
mark by the name of debt.
Seal gone.
Endorsed with rough drawing of a shield : a fess ( ? wavy)
between three roundels in chief and a mullet in base.
1114. 1295-6, 17 Jan. [Tues. after St Hilary, 24 Edu). /].
Waltham. Grant and confirmation, by Walter son of Andrew
of Waltham and Elen his wife, of a rood of arable land which
lies toward Wystonbrig and was sometime of Robert son of
Richard of Caldewell, to William son of Ralph of Caldewell,
clerk; with quitclaim of all their right of hereditary succession
or acquisition in the town and fields of Caldewell and
'Eastwell. JBaggrave. 'Keyham.
WYCOMBE AND CHAD WELL 557
m th6,r hei'S ™d
R°ger Daubur, Gilbert the clerk.
Two seals.
RogerLoiy of P^erntofanF- Ttcla™ ^ William son of
brokers. To Walter son of A^dfe ^wt^ Pe<" his
wife, of all their right in all "he Ld Waltham and EIen his
CaTdeweTe." deSCe"d * ^"h^
Kt-SiSftWrtfrSs
Part of one seal, two gone.
If % j300"01' I Jan. [Circumcision of our Lord ] Calde
welk Release and quitclaim by Robert and Th«
of Geoffrey King of Wvrh«m tu a nomas, sons
second wife, of all their right in th ° 1Spj'ng 0 Maud his
which were fv tenement"
whomsoever in the towns of Wycham and C Id an"stor®
without, to Robert their brother son of th ^r n "nd
begotten of his fust wife ^
Witnesses : Willmm son of Raich clerlr Th„ rv
RarprLTeby0f jIhhnmoaf8bAham 71?'
son^if Thomas, of Caldewel]am' Ph'''P 8°n °f Ra'ph' Pet«
Fragment of one seal.
';r-? his father and of all h' J"688"8^ which was sometime of
T° ^ e'C" d°7 loCrdaret:°mWarraSmyCe88i0nof
Rog«n.ew1lliam,°o""f'eHDyUe- I"!"1 °f °kam' Th°™8 son
son of Ralph Pe,er so°n ofTh' ^"17 °' Ralph' PhibP
William of Caldewell clerk ' AdB°" °f Robert'
558 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
The said grantor also wills that the said grant may be to
the said Ralph Arby and to Juliane the said grantor's wife,
their heirs and assigns, freely and quietly, as is aforesaid.
Seal in canvas.
1118. [1310]. Indenture of lease by Simon Hauberk to
Gilbert Achard, John of Welhous, Adam Joye and Adam son
of Gilbert, of 46^ acres of land and meadow in Wykam and
Caldewell, for a term of 20 years beginning at Michaelmas,
4 Edw. II, paying therefor 46s. 8d. at two terms of the year,
viz. 23s. 4d. at the Annunciation of B.M. and 23s. 4d. at the
Assumption of B.M., for all secular service. Warranty. The
said lessees, their heirs or assigns, shall well and faithfully
without craft at their own costs yearly manure (compostabunt)
six acres of the lands aforesaid; and at the end of the term
they shall demise eleven acres of land well ploughed and
left fallow (warrectat') or shall give to the said Simon, his
heirs and assigns, for every acre not ploughed and left
fallow eightpence. The said lessees will and grant to Simon,
his heirs and assigns, right of distraint for non-payment of
rent at any term upon all their lands, goods, chattels
movable and immovable, within the town or without,
in houses, on the king's ways and those not the king s, in
paths, in lands, in market and in every place wheresoever
they be found, until full satisfaction be made to the said
Simon, his heirs or assigns, with right of entry and perpetual
tenure if the said rent be eleven days in arrear.
Witnesses : John, Henry le Hunte, John of Waltam, of
Scaldeford; Adam son of Ralph of Caldewell; Thomas le
Diue of Wykam.
Seals gone [lessees' counterpart].
1119. 1310, 12 July [Sunday after the Translation of St
Thomas, 4 Edw. II.] Wycham. Grant and confirmation by
Simon son of John Coteman of Wicham to Ralph son of
Thomas of Wycham, of a rood of arable land in the fields of
Wycham and Caldewell, viz. upon Hauerholm, next the land
of the said Simon. To hold, etc., doing therefor yearly to
the chief lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas Dyue, Thomas Parys, of Wycham;
John of Ocham, Philip son of Ralph, of Caldewell; William
Kendal.
Fragment of seal.
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 559
I 120. 1313, 28 Dec. [Friday, Holy Innocents, 7 Edw. II].
Caldewell. Grant and confirmation by Simon Arreby of
Estwell to Margery his daughter, of seven acres of arable land
and half an acre of meadow in the fields of Wycham and
Caldewell; whereof an acre lies upon Clif, next the land of
John son of Agnes; three roods in the same field, next the
and of Alan of Paunton; half an acre at le Goris, next the
land of John of Ocham; a rood next Waltham mere; half an
acre and half a rood at Wytewell, next the land of John son
of Agnes; a rood and a half at Brestoun, next the boundary;
half an acre and half a rood upon Starkeforlong, next the
land of John of Ocham; half an acre upon le Kirkeclyf, next
the land of John the clerk; half an acre at Perkynyerd, next
the land of William of Stounesby; half an acre at Emelotlane,
next the land of Alan of Paunton; half an acre upon
Scoui brode, next the boundary; a rood at Ryngothorpmere,
next le Fordole; half an acre upon Strouthorn; half an acre
at Prestisdal, next the land of John of Ocham; and half an
acre of meadow at le Sandpittes. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: Thomas Dyue, Ralph son of Thomas,
Thomas Parys, Adam son of Robert, of Wycham; William of
Kendal.
Seal gone.
1121. 1316-17, 20 March [Sunday before Annunciation of
B.M., 10 Edw. II.] Wicham. Grant and confirmation by
Joan, daughter of Hugh le Herle of Wicham, to Simon
Hauberck of Scaldeford, of 3^ roods of land in Caldewelle
and Wicham; whereof half an acre lies upon Kerisholm, next
the land of William of Stounisby; and a rood and a half lies
intil the Heininge, next the land of William of Kendale. To
hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : John son of John of Ocham, Adam son of
Ralph, Adam Joie, Gilbert Achard, of Caldewelle; Thomas
son of Thomas of Wycham.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : Carta Johanne filie Hugonis le Herl.
1122. 1317, 20 March [Sunday before the Annunciation of
B.M., 10 Edw. II.] . . . enham. Grant and confirmation
by John, son of Gilbert, son of Bota of Caldewelle, to Simon
560 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Hauberck of Scaldeford, of the third part of his croft, which
was sometime of John the clerk in Caldewelle abutting upon
le Brock, together with the dykes, closes and all the trees
growing thereupon, with the reversion of the whole dower of
die said croft which Eva, the wife of William of Stounysby,
holds in dower. Gift also of a messuage in Wicham, lying
between the messuage of the said Simon and that of Geoffrey
son of Cecily, and of an acre and a half of land, whereof one
acre lies intil Ringilthorpmere, next the tenement of the said
Simon; and half an acre upon Schouelbrod, next the land of
Ralph son of Thomas. Jo hold of the chief lord, etc.
Warranty. . , f
Witnesses : John son of John of Ocham, Adam son of
Ralph, Adam Joie, Gilberd Achard, of Caldewelle; Thomas
son of Thomas of Wicham.
Seal gone.
Endorsed : C. tenementi Joh. fil. [Gilberti fil.] Bote.
1123. 1317, 13 April [Wed. after S t Guthlac, 10 Edw. II.]
Wykam. Grant and confirmation by John and Peter, sons
and heirs of Walter Bote of Caldewell, to Simon Hauberk
of Scaldeford, of three roods of land with the reversion of
the whole tenement in the fields of Wykam and Caldewell,
the which tenement William of Stounesby and Eva his wife
hold of the said John and Peter in dower of the dower of
the said Eva; and a rood and a half lie next Ringelthorp mere
and a rood and a half upon Houerfolu Welhs next the land
of John of Hokam. To hold of the lords of the fee, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas son of Thomas, William of Kendal,
John of Wellehus, Thomas le Diue, of Wikam.
Fragment of one seal.
Endorsed : Cart. Joh. & Pet. fil. et her. Walteri Bote.
1124 1317 14 April [Thurs. after S t Guthlac, 10 Edw. 11^]
Wykam. Grant and confirmation, with quitclaim, by Ralph,
William, John and Philip, sons and heirs of Thomas e Dyue
and Eva his wife of Wykam, to Simon Hauberk of Scaldeford
o f a l l t h e i r r i g h t i n t h r e e a c r e s o f l a n d a n d h a l f a n a c r e o
meadow in the fields of Wykam and Caldewell, which the
said Simon has of the feoffment of the said Thomas and Lva.
Warranty.
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 561
Witnesses : William of Kendal, Thomas son of Thomas,
John of Welhus, of Wikam; John of Hokam, Adam son of
Ralph, of Caldewell.
Two seals : the others gone.
1125. 1317, 28 April [Thursday after S t Mark, IOEdw.lI.]
Caldewelle. Grant and confirmation by Walter, son of
Henry of Caldewelle, to Simon Hauberck of Scaldeford, of a
selion of arable land, containing 2} roods of land in the fields
of Wicham and Caldewelle upon Warinhoue, between the
land of John of Ocham and the land ... To hold of the
chief lord, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses: John of Ocham in Caldewelle, William of
Kendale in Wycham; John alle Wellehus, Thomas son of
Thomas, Thomas Dyue, of Wycham.
Seal gone.
Endorsed: Carta Walt. fil. Henrici.
1126. 1317, 12 June [Sunday after S t Barnabas, 10 Edu).
II.] Wicham. Grant and confirmation by Thomas Dyue of
Wicham and Eva his wife to Simon Hauberck of Scaldeford,
of an acre and a half of land in the fields of Wicham and
Caldewelle; whereof an acre lies upon le Clif towards
Goutebymer next the land of the said Simon, and half an
acre upon le Merefurlong next the land of Ralph Malward
on E. To hold of the chief lord, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : VFilliam of Kendale, Thomas son of Thomas,
John alle Wellehous, Ralph son of Ranulph, William Nalle!
of Wicham.
Seals gone.
1127. 1317, 25 June [Sat. Morrow o f S t John Baptist, 10
Edw. II]. Caldwelle. Grant and confirmation by Walter son
of Henry of Caldewelle to Simon Hauberck of Scaldeford,
of a selion containing a rood and a half of land in the fields
of Caldwelle and Wicham in Netherfold Croft, between the
land of Simon, brother of the said Walter, and that of Alice,
daughter of Arraby [sic]. .To hold of the chief lord, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : William of Kendale in Wicham; John alle
Welhous, Thomas son of Thomas, of Wicham; John of
Ocham, Adam Joie, of Caldwelle.
Seal gone.
562 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
I 128. 1317-18, 4 Feb. [Sat. after the Purification of B.M.,
II Edit) II.) Wycham. Grant and confirmation by Ralph
son of Thomas of Wycham to Simon Hauberk of Scaldeford,
of four acres, one rood of land, and three roods of meadow
in the fields of Wycham and Caldewelle, viz. a selion containing
three roods of land in Lambecotes, next the land of the
church of Wycham and Caldewelle; half an acre upon Doddisholm,
next the land of John at le Welhous; a rood and a half
upon Doddisholm, next the land of the said Simon; three
roods between the ways, next the land of the said church;
half an acre between the said ways, between the land of the
said church and that of the said Simon; a rood and a half
upon Scharthfurlong, next the land sometime of 1 hilip son
of Ralph; half an acre upon Schowelbrode, next the land of
the said Simon; a rood upon Langethorn, next the land of
John at le Welhous; half an acre of meadow in le Nore next
the meadow of John of Ocham and abutting upon le Milnetonge;
and a rood in the same meadow under le Stanforth,
next the meadow of the said Simon. To hold of the chief
lords, etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : Thomas son of Thomas, William of Kendale
John at le Welhous, of Wycham; John son of Milla, John of
Ocham, of Caldewelle.
Seal gone.
I 129. 1318, 26 May [St Augustine, I I Edw. I I . ) Wycham.
Grant and confirmation by Thomas Dyue of Wycham and
Eva his wife to Symon Hauberk of Scaldeford, of an acre and
a half of land in Wycham and Caldewell; whereof halt an
acre lies in Lambecote, between the land sometime of Alan
of Paunton and that of Adam son of Robert; a rood under
the well of Wycham, among the land of the said Symon;
a rood upon le Schortholm with meadow, next the land of the
said Symon; half an acre upon le Fouleholm at Brakenousik,
next the land of the said Symon. To hold of the chief lords,
etc. Warranty.
Witnesses : William of Kendale, Thomas son of Thomas,
John of Wellehus, of Wycham; John of Ocham, Adam Jay,
of Caldewelle.
Fragment of one seal: part of the other.
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 563
_ ;1130- j336; 5 July [Friday after S t Peter and S t Paul, 10
Edw. ill.] Wicham. Grant by Robert Dolfyn of Melton to
Simon Hauberc of Schaldeford, of four acres of arable land in
the fields of Wicham and Caldewell, which the said Robert
had of the feoffment of John son of Richard of Asscheby and
Edmund his brother. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : William of Kendale in Wicham, Thomas son
of Thomas, Ralph son of Thomas, John alle Wellehus, of
the same; John of Ocham in Caldewell, Adam Joye of the
same.
Seal gone.
1131. 1341, 6 Oct. [Sat. Translation o f S t Hugh, 15 Edw.
III.) Indenture of grant and confirmation by Simon Russel
of Boseworth and Helen his wife and Nicholas Mey of Great
Dalby and Maud his wife, to John, son of Simon Hauberk of
Scaldeford, of two roods of land lying at the end of the
messuage of the said John in Wicham on one side and next
the land of John son of Simon on the other, in exchange for
half an acre of land in Wicham and Caldewelle upon Lambecotes,
between the land of Robert of Schepeye and that
sometime of Thomas Parys. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Robert Schepeye, John son of Simon, Thomas
son of Adam, of Wycham; John Smyth, John of Ocham, of
Caldewelle.
Fragments of two seals : two gone.
1132. 1351 [25 Edu;.///.], 20 June. Monastery of Croxton.
Grant and confirmation by Thomas of Loughtburgh, abbot
of Croxton, with the unanimous assent of his fellow canons,
to John Hauberk of Wykam, kt., of Isabel, daughter of Henry
Geri, their bondwoman (nativam), with all her chattels and
family. To hold to the said John, his heirs or assigns, for ever.
Warranty.
Witnesses : Henry Hauberk, Ralph of Freseby, Richard
Attetouneshend of Waltham, Robert Philipp of Caldwell.
Fragment of seal.
1133. 1351, I 7 July [Sunday before S t Margaret the Virgin,
25 III.) Caldewell. Grant and confirmation by Roger, son of
Hugh Orchard (in Orto) of Melton Mowbray to John
564 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Hauberk, knight, of Wycham, of all his right in all the
arable lands and a croft in Caldewell called le Wellecroft,
which Maud, the wife of Robert Tupton of Waltham, holds
for the term of her life. To hold of the chief lord, etc.
Warranty.
Witnesses: Robert Philip of Caldewell; Hugh Smyth,
John son of Symon, Robert Campion, Hugh Nail, of the same.
Seal gone.
1134. Same date. Caldewell. Release and quitclaim by
Robert Tupton of Waltham and Maud his wife to Roger, son
of Hugh Orchard {de Orto) of Melton Mowbray, of all their
right in all the lands and tenements in the fields and town
of Caldewell which they had for the term of life of the said
Maud.
Witnesses : Robert Philip, Hugh Smyth, Thomas Drapur,
of Caldewell.
Seal gone.
1135. 1353, 19 May [Trinity, 27 Edw. III.] Wycham.
Covenant (indented) of demise, grant and confirmation by
William son of Adam of Caldewell and Agnes his wife to
John Hauberk, knight, of Wycham, of a plot of the said Agnes
in Wycham, with the moiety of a dove-house and all other
appurtenances, in exchange for a place in Caldewell next
Acwellane, which Roger Joy sometime held. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. The said William and Agnes will and grant
that, if it happen that they or their heirs, or any other person
in their name, exact right or claim upon the said place in
Wycham, then the said John, his heirs or assigns, may enter
upon the said place in Caldewelle as upon their free tenement
without contradiction of any. Warranty.
Witnesses: John son of Symon, Robert Campion, of
Wycham; Robert Philipp, Hugh Smyth, Symon son of Adam,
of Caldewell.
Seal.
1136. 1439-40, 13 Jan. Rotheley. Pleas held there on
Wednesday next after the Epiphany, 18 Hen. VI. Nicholas
Jervis in his own person demands against Robert Bawdes and
Katherine his wife a messuage, seven tofts, 124 acres of land
with the appurtenances in Wikham and Cawdwell; whereof
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 565
he says that the said Robert and Katherine wrongfully deforce
him of the premises, which he claims to be his right and
inheritance. Whereof he says that one Simon Hauberke of
Schalford was lately seised of the premises in his demesne
as of fee, and gave them by his charter to John Hauberke
his son, to have and to hold to him and the heirs of his body
lawfully begotten, with successive remainders, in default of
such heirs, to Hugh, the brother of the said John, to Simon,
the brother of the said Hugh, and to Margaret, the sister
of the said Simon, and the heirs of their respective bodies
lawfully begotten, and, in failure of such heirs, to the right
heirs of the said Simon the father. By virtue of which gift,
the said John was seised of the premises in his demesne as
of fee and of right by the form of the said gift, in the time of
peace, in the time of Edward III., of late king of England,
and took esplees therefrom in allowance of the premises to the
value of half a mark and more as of fee and of right according
to the form of the said gift. And from the said John the right
descended, and should descend by the form of the said gift
to one Robert Hauberke as the son and heir of the said John.
And from the said Robert, because he died without an heir
of his body, the right descended, and should descend to one
Agnes, the sister of the said Robert, according to the form
of the said gift. And from the said Agnes the right descended
and should descend to the said Nicholas, the demandant, as
the son and heir of the said Agnes and kinsman of the said
Robert Hauberke, to wit, the son of the said Agnes sister
of the said Robert, by the form of the said gift. And that
such is the right by the form aforesaid, the said Nicholas,
if the said Robert Bawdes and Katherine his wife will gainsay
this, is ready to verify his right.
And the said Robert Bawdes in his own person, and
Katherine his wife by the said Robert Bawdes her attorney,
defend the right of the same Nicholas, and say that the said
Simon, father of the said John, did not give the said tenements
in the said writ contained, as the said Nicholas has above
declared. And this they are prepared to verify by the country.
And the said Nicholas likewise. And hereupon a day was
given to the said parties, Wednesday to wit next after the
Purification of B.M. next to come at Wykham at the said
prior s court to be held this day three weeks [3 Feb. 1439-40].
And hereupon precept was made to the bailiff of the soke
to cause to come 24 honest and leal men of the neighbourhood
566 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
of Wykham and Cawdwell within the precinct of the manor
of Rotheley, to be at the said court before the bailiffs and
suitors of this court, to make recognisance upon their oath
whether the said Simon, father of the said John, gave the
premises as the said Nicholas says, or not, as the said Robert
Bawdes and Katherine his wife say. And they say upon
their oath that the said Simon, father of the said John, gave
the premises as the said Nicholas says. Therefore the said
Robert and Katherine are in the lord's mercy. Therefore it
was granted by the court that the said Nicholas recovers the
premises, and that he have seisin of the said tenements, etc.
11 36A. Another copy of the same.
1137. 1505, 13 May [Tuesday after Pentecost, 20 Hen.
VII.] Grant and confirmation by Edmund Cape, gent., to
Thomas Brabason, of all his lands, tenements, etc. in the
town and fields of Whykam and Caudewell. To hold of the
chief lords, etc. Warranty.
No witnesses.
Seal.
On dorse : Memorandum of delivery of seisin on Monday
next after Corpus Christi in the same year [27 May] in the
presence of sir John Wade, clerk, John Nail of Wykam,
Richard Monke, John Markeby, William Waltham, John
Broun and Robert Waltham and other witnesses there present.
1138. 1316 [8 Hen. VIII.], 12 May. Indenture (English)
of bargain and sale by sir Robert Seppey (Sheppey) alias
Carter (Cartar) to sir Thomas Norton, knight, master^ of
Burton Saynt Lazar, and master Richard Sutton, stuard of
Sion, esq. two messuages set in the town and fields of
Wykham, Cawdwell and Barston1, with 2\ oxgangs of land
lying in the fields aforesaid, with the appurtenances, that is
to say, a messuage set in the town of Wykham, and two closes
in Cawdwell, and oxgang and 6 acres of land thereto belonging,
lying in the fields of Cawdwell and Wykham, and also
one other messuage set in the town of Barston in the vale
of Bever next unto Redmell2, and an oxgang of land containing
15 acres thereto belonging, lying in the field aforesaid with
the appurtenances, called Bawchoyns thyng. Usual clauses.
Estate to be made before the Nativity of St John Baptist next.
1Barkston. 2Redmile.
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 567
The said master and master Richard shall pay £8 at the said
feast, and £8 within eight days before the feast of the Nativity
of St Mary.
1139. 1519 [ I I H e n . V I I I . ] , 8 Dec. Wycham. Grant and
confirmation by John Capp of Slefforde1, co. Lincoln, gent.,
and Martin Capp of Batheley in the parish of Northmuscam,
co. Nottingham, gent., to Thomas Capp of Normanton2, co.
Lincoln, gent., of all those their lands and tenements, etc.,
in the town and fields of Wicham in Caudewell, which of late
descended by right and inheritance to the said John and
Martin after the death of Thomas Capp and Margaret his wife,
their father and mother. To hold of the chief lords, etc.
Warranty. Power of attorney to William Dawne of Harby,
yoman, and John Markeby of Wycham, husbondman, to
deliver seisin.
Witnesses: Gregory Barton of Northmuscam, Robert
Kechen, Nicholas Tomson, of the same.
Two seals.
Endorsed : Ric. Troman, Ric. Markbe and Thomas Clay.
1140. Same date. Acknowledgment of bond by Martin
Capp of Batheley in the parish of Northmuskham, co.
Nottingham, gentilman, to Thomas Capp of Normanton, co.
Line., gent., in £40, payable at the feast of the Purification.
Condition : peaceful possession by the said Thomas of
all lands, tenements, etc., in the towns and fields of Wycham
and Caudewell, which he late had of the gift and feoffment
of the said John and Martin Capp.
Seal.
1141. Same date. Bond by John Capp of Slefford, co.
Line., to Thomas Capp of Normanton in the same county,
in £40, payable at the feast of the Purification next.
Condition : the said Thomas shall have peaceful possession
of the lands and tenements in the towns and fields of
Wycham and Caudewell, which he had of the gift and
feoffment of the said John and Martin Capp by charter of
the above date.
Seal gone.
'Sleaford. -Probably Normanton in Loveden wapentake, 7 miles N.E.
or Lzrantham.
568 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
1142. 1519 [// Hen. V I I I . ] , 20 Dec. Croxton Abbey.
Grant by Thomas Cappe of Normanton, co. Line., and
Alexander Brabson of Eton, co. Leycester1, gentlemen, to
William Wigston of Leycester the younger, merchant of the
staple of Calais, Thomas Wigston. clerk, and William Fysher,
clerk, of all his messuage and all lands, etc. which he has
in the towns and fields of Wykham and Cawdwell. To hold
of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Appointment of Robert
Clercke of Croxton and Richard Fynye as attorneys to deliver
seisin of the premises.
Signed: per me Thomam Cape, per me Alysandur
Brabazon.
Two seals.
Endorsed with memorandum of delivery of seisin on 8
Jan. 1519-20 [// Hen. VIII], in the presence of Edward
Broksbye, gent., John Markeby, John Tylsbe, Robert Hardy,
John Mydulton of Meylton, sir Richard Wilson, chaplain.
1143. Same date. Indenture (English) of bargain and sale
by Thomas Cappe of Normanton, co. Line, and Alisaunder
Brabson of Eton, co. Leiceter, gentylmen, to William
Wigston the younger of Leicetour, merchant of the staple at
Calis, of all that their mease in Wykam in the parish of
Cawdwell, with all their lands, etc. in Wykam and Cawdwell,
the which premises late descended to the said Thomas and
Alisaunder after the death of one Nicholas Jervys. Usual
clauses. Estate to be made before the feast of St John Baptist
next. The said William promises to pay £39, viz. £24 on
the day of the making of these presents, and £15 to be paid
upon the delivery of the estate and evidences.
Signed: per me Thomam Cape, per me Alysaunder
Brabazon.
One seal: part of another.
1144. 1519 [// Hen. VIII], 30 Dec. Letters of John Capp
of Slefforde, co. Lincoln, gent., and Martin Capp of Bathley
in the parish of North Muscham, co. Nottingham, appointing
Thomas [Capp] of Normanton, co. Line., their attorney to
release their right in all their lands, etc. in the town and fields
of Wycham .... to William Wygston the younger of
Leicester, merchant of the staple of Calais.
Fragment of seal.
1Eaton.
WYCOMBE AND CHAD WELL 569
1145. 1519-20 [// Hen. VIII], 7 Jan. Indenture (English)
of bargain and sale by William Brabazon of Estwell, gent.,
to William Wigston the younger of Leycestre, merchant of
the staple at Calis, of all his part of a messe, with the lands,
etc., thereto pertaining in Wikham and Cawdwell; the which
premises late descended to the said William after the death
of his mother Mawde Brabazon, sometime daughter of Nicolas
Jervis, and are in yearly value 13s. 4d. Estate to be made,
etc., before the feast of St John Baptist next coming. The
purchaser promises by bond to pay twenty marks to the said
William Brabazon at his will and pleasure.
Seal.
1146. 1519-20 [// Hen. VIII], 10 Jan. Croxton Abbey.
Acknowledgment by Thomas Cappe of Normanton, co.
Lincoln, and Alexander Brabazon of Eton, co. Leycester,
gentleman, of receipt from William ^Vigston, jun., of
Leycestre, merchant of the staple of Calais, of £15 sterling,
in full satisfaction of £39 due to the said Thomas and
Alexander from the said William for the lands and tenements
bought of them in Wykam and Cawdwell.
Per me Thomam Cape. Per me Alysaund2 Brabazon.
Two seals on simple queue.
1147. Same date. Croxton Abbey. Grant by William
Brabazon of Estwell, gent., to William Wigston the younger
of Leycestre, merchant of the staple of Calais, Thomas
Wigston, clerk, and William Fyshar, clerk, of the fourth part
of a messuage in Wykam, with all lands, tenements, etc., in
the town and fields of Wykham and Cawdwell, which
descended to the said William after the death of Maud
Brabazon his mother, sometime the daughter of Nicholas
Jervis. To hold of the chief lords, etc. Warranty. Appointment
of Robert Clarke of Croxton and Richard Fynye as
attorneys to deliver seisin.
Signed : per me Wyllam Brabazon.
Seal.
Endorsed with memorandum of delivery of seisin on
8 Jan. in the presence of Edward Broksbye, gent., John
Markbye, John Tylsbe, Robart Hardy, John Myddulton of
Meylton, sir Richard Wilson, chaplain.
570 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
1148. Same date. Release by John Cappe of Slefforde,
co. Lincoln, to William Wigston the younger and the said
Thomas and William, of all his right in a messuage in
Wykham, with all lands, etc., in the towns and fields of
Wykham and Cawdwell which late were of Margaret Cappe
his mother, sometime the daughter of Nicholas Jarvis. To
hold to them, etc. for ever.
Seal.
1149. Same date. Similar release by Martin Cappe of
Baythley, co. Notyngham.
Seat.
1150. 1519-20 [// Hen. VIII], 12 Jan. Similar release by
Thomas Cappe of Normanton, co. Line., and Alexander
Brabazon of Eton, co. Leycestre, gentlemen, in three parts
of a messuage, land, etc., in the towns and fields of Wykham
and Cawdwell, which they of late had by right of inheritance
after the death of one Nicholas Jervis.
Signed: per me Thomam Cape, per me Alysandur
Brabazon.
1151. 1519-20 [// Hen. VIII], 12 Jan. Similar release by
William Brabazon of Estwell, gent., of his right in the fourth
part of a messuage and lands, etc. in the towns and fields
of Wykham and Cawdwell, which the said William of late
had after the death of his mother Maud Brabazon.
Signed : per me Wyllam Brabazon.
1152. 1520 [// Hen. VIII], 16 April. Letters of William
Brabazon of Estwell, gent., appointing Thomas Pachett of
Rowtheley, Roger Gillott and William Gibson of Leycestre
his attorneys to release his right in the fourth part of a
messuage in Wykham, with all lands, etc., in the towns and
fields of Wykham and Cawdwell, which he of late had after
the death of Maud Brabazon his mother, to William Wigston
the younger of Leycester, merchant of the staple of Calais.
1153. Same date. Similar letters of Alexander Brabazon
of Eton, gent. No mention of descent. Variants: Pachette
of Rowtheley, Gybson.
Signed : per me Alysandur Brabazon.
WYCOMBE AND CHADWELL 571
1154. 1521 [13 Hen. VIII], 20 Sept. Leycestre. Release
and quitclaim by Thomas Wygston, clerk, to sir William
Fyshar and sir John Thorpe, chaplains, and the twelve poor
men of the hospital of William Wigston the younger in
Leycester, of all his right in a messuage in Wikham, with
all lands, etc. thereto appertaining in Wykham and Cawdwell.
To hold to the said chaplains, etc. for ever.
Signed : Per me Thomam Wygston.
Endorsed: Releas of Cawdwell.
Seal.
1155. 1522 [14 Hen. VIII], 22 Oct. Rothley. View of
frankpledge with court of sir Thomas Dokwray, prior of St
John of Jerusalem in England, and of sir Thomas Newporte,
knight, preceptor of Dalby and bailiff of Eagle (Aquile). To
this court came William Wigston of Leycester the younger,
merchant of the staple of the town of Calais, by Roger Gillott
his attorney, and made entry for certain lands, tenements,
etc., in the towns and fields of Kawdwell and Wykeham,
which he purchased of Alexander Brabason and Thomas
Cappe, by the name of all the lands, tenements, etc., of the
said Alexander and Thomas in the said town; and for the
fourth part of a messuage in Wykeham, with all lands,
tenements, etc., in the said towns and fields of the late
William Brabazon, which descended to him by right of
inheritance by the decease of Maud Brabazon his mother, the
daughter and heir of Richard (sic) Gerves, and which the
said William Wigston purchased of the said William Brabazon.
And also the said William Wigston made entry in the same
court for all the lands, tenements, etc., in Cawdewell and
Wykeham aforesaid, late of John Cappe of Sleford and
Martin Cappe of Bathebye (sic), which the said William
purchased of the said John and Martin, as fully appears by
the charters of the aforesaid purchases shown in court. And
further the said William came into this court by the said
Roger his attorney, and made entry for all the lands, tenements,
etc., which were late of Alice Lodye, daughter and
heir of John Sandye, late of Gadysby, in the town and fields
of Gadysby, which the said William purchased of the said
Alice in her pure widowhood, as appears by her charter
shown in court. Moreover the said William, by the said
Roger his attorney, as appears in a letter of attorney made
572 CHARTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
to the same Roger by the same William and shown in court,
recognised the premises in Cawdewell and Wykeham to be
the right of sir William Fysher, chaplain, and of sir John
Thorpe, chaplain, wardens of the new hospital of the said
William Wigston in Leycestre, and of the twelve poor in the
said hospital being at that time in the same, and of their
successors for ever. To hold of the chief lords, etc. And
hereupon the said sir William Fysher and sir John Thorpe
made entry and fealty, and were admitted tenants therein.
And the said William Wigston gives to the lord, for having
fine at entry, both in the name of the said chaplains and in
his own, for the premises, 80s., paid to the lord's hands; and
they are admitted tenants.
In margin : Fine at entry, £4, paid to the lord's hands.
1156. 1524 [16 Hen. VIII], 20 Sept. Leycestre. Release
and quitclaim by John Brabson, son and heir of William
Brabson, late of Estwell, deceased, to William Wigston the
younger of Leycestre, merchant of the staple of Calais, of
all his right in the fourth part of a messuage in Wyckham,
with all the meadows, etc., in the towns and fields of
Wykham and Cawdwell, which were late of William Brabson
his father.
Signed : per me Johannem Brabazon.
Seal.
Endorsed: ( I ) R e l a x a c i o d e W y k a m .
(2) Relaxacio Johannis Brabazon.
1157. 1543 [35 Hen. VIII], 12 Oct. Lecester. Release
and quitclaim by John Brabazon, son and heir of William
Brabazon of Estwell, deceased, to Walter Browne, clerk and
master of the hospital of William Wigston in Lecester, and
to Thomas Thorpe, clerk and brother of the same hospital,
and to the twelve poor of the same and their successors, of
all his right in the fourth part of a messuage in Wyckham,
with all meadows, etc. in the towns and fields of Wickham
and Cawdewell, which were once of William Brabazon his
father.
Signed : per me Johannem Brabazon.
Fragment of seal.
Endorsed: Relaxacio Johannis Brabazon.